I would be giving zero stars if my second experience was my only experience. On this second occasion I had barely walked in when told "the guy that cuts your kind of hair isn't here, come back tomorrow." \n\nMy haircut is so simple that any barber can do it. Any. Same length all the way around with a little extra left on the front top. No fades, no special shapes cut into the side of my head. Real simple. \n\nThe heavyset man there didn't ask what style I wanted, just presumed black guy wants a black guy haircut. I was coming here because it was closer to my place than my regular place, Nate's Barber Shop on 7th Ave. \n\nThank you for reminding me why it's worth it to me to go to my regular place and stay the loyal customer I am. I'll never go back to Steve's Barber Shop. \n\nLest anyone think I'm implying racism, I'm not. You can come to your own conclusions. I'm invoking Hanlon's Razor: never presume malice where stupidity is more likely.
I love this Starbucks, nice peeps and the service is outstanding.\nThey know their business that's for sure. Keep doing what you're doing because it's working.
So I've never been big on cocktails. I know they're good but i never really raves about how good they are until i came to the Brickyard Downtown. I have the House of 1000 Corpses Revivers and it was smooth and light. The second time i got The Swamp Thang. The best cocktails I've had in chandler. The atmosphere is great as well. Music wasn't too loud which makes conversation easier. The bartenders were also attentive without being overbearing. Overall a great spot.
When I first came to town, I was stuck going here for my internet access.\n\nI had to pay for a monthly subscription, but could use a wired connection.  I suppose it was worth it, but naturally free wifi is more enjoyable.  I am one of those people who appreciates free over inexpensive.  Many people do not value something if they didn't have to pay for it.  That's not me.\n\nThis place in Scottsdale was my first realization that I was living in a place that was a giant trophy wife farm.  As I was here doing internet things pretty frequently, I treated being a captive audience to the most inane and astonishingly moronic conversations of my life.  High school girls would come in here and babble about the most pointless things.  I had no idea that high school girls could talk for hours without finding a topic, but I see now that they can.\n\nThe coffee is alright, I guess.  It is no better or no worse than any of the chain coffee places staffed by untrained teenagers.
I have only had the opportunity to eat here a couple times but it is on the top of the list for places to go back to.\n\nLast time I went I had the Pimp'n Fries which is their homemade pimento cheese melted over crispy seasoned waffle fries and of course had to add bacon with a side a ranch. When you go here these are a must order. I also had a corndog that was the bomb and a couple bites of the Da Pimp which is a pimento grilled cheese, fantastic.\n\nI can't wait to get back here with a bigger appetite so I can get one of their burgers that all sounded so delicious.
Best Thai food! Always fresh and consistent. Food is always hot and made to order. Lunch specials are $6.95 and comes with choices of rices, soup or salad and many choices for the entrees. We always come back
We absolutely love Delux - especially the sweet potato fries and the Delux Burger.  It's not uncommon for us to compare other places to what Delux offers.  We enjoy sitting at the bar, ordering a basket of the sweet potato fries and splitting a Delux Burger (cooked medium).  We also order more of the southwestern-style sauce (I always forget the name of it though).   Add a Sunbru beer or wine flight and 'heaven'!   :)
Dr Budd and his team are the best. You will never regret getting orthodontic care by him. He is patient and kind.  His team always has a smile and are very welcoming.  They provide fun giveaways that the kids can win.  The locations are centrally located and easy to find.  The pricing is very fair and they can work with you regarding a payment plan.  GO TEAM BUDD!
Excellent calamari and Cal Italia pizza!! Sat in the sports bar area.  Conveniently located by Fremont Street Experience
I was so happy I got the chance to visit Lufa Farms sewing that I've been a member for over a year now and have never been disappointed with the service or quality of their products. \n\nAll their veggies are grown on rooftops around Montreal, and they partner up with local farms and artisans to offer fresh, local and sustainable products. Although I've tried other companies that offer the same services, what I like about Lufa is that you can customize your basket. Most others will deliver what they have available so you make do with what you get. At Lufa, I can plan ahead for the week and pick my products just like in a grocery store. I pick up my basket from a drop point nearby, although they do offer home delivery, and voila! Their service is awesome too, with notifications of a late delivery, and reimbursement for products you've received that may have been damaged; which only happened once when my chocolate cake from Arjuna got squished; I ate it anyways \n\nYou can add everything from meat to sweets, bread and jams too, so you are really not limited. I especially like that most of their products are sustainable harvest and offer a great variety of organic products. \n\nMy visit at one of their locations made me appreciate the work that goes behind packing my basket weekly. During my visit, I also got to take a pumpkin home as a thank you.
My husband and I were so taken with the beauty of the live edge wood. We had a coffee table top made and they even attached our mesquite legs to the top. It is so beautiful. Bjorn made the process so simple. I have been down there many times now and they always show the same interest in what you want to do.  They also do commercial work and some of their projects are just amazing. I plan to go to some of their DIY workshops. Terry Schuman
Food City is terrific!  When you go (and you should) think "fresh" - skipping the jars, cans, and prepackaged stuff.  The food moves (not literally of course, but out the door in the bags of paying customers).  Always, always fresh!  The meat counter is the best in all of Chandler with cuts not found in other stores (you can buy steak anywhere).  The same can be said of the produce, and if you want fresh tortillas - this is your place.  Great prices too.  Don't be "put off" upon entering the store.  Fluency in Spanish is not a prerequisite.  Fresh fire roasted green chiles from Hatch (the chile capital of the world,) a Mariachi Band, and the cafe, all make shopping here an experience.  Great food, low prices...you just gotta' go!
I pay 5$, took a sip and this is what is leftover. Just....just.... ridiculous!!! And look at the size too.
I liked the chicken quesadillas at Margaritaville. Very cheesy and meaty. My friend had the beef ones and it was awful. The guacamole was bland. I don't know why I ordered a cuban from here but I did and it was just average nothing to rave about. Everything was pretty much average no major complaints I didn't leave regretting my experience
As with the other Chipotles I've been to, it was GREAT! Came here for lunch in between baseball games at the padres fields at the sports complex. Got my standard burrito bowl with chicken. I love the rice. THat cilantro lime rice just makes the bowl. And the meat is always fresh and just great. This chipotles was VERY generous with all their ingredients and it made for a great lunch on a hot day! We also bought one of our friends a burrito. He had never been to a chipotle, and really enjoyed it. We may have made a new fan for Chipotle...
Love European Wax!! I've been to a 3 locations & I like them all. I have found a technician in each location that I like. This location is easy to get to for me & I hardly ever have to wait for my appointment. I've even been able to add on services once I get there. Front desk staff is very friendly & always smiling! All the technicians are nice too. Delilah is my favorite! She has a great personality, is quick & knows what she is doing!!! If your a local resident you can get a free wax too! (Not all services)
Excited to check this place out. Love bahn mi and French macaroons, and in one joint was golden. \nA bit disappointed about the macaroons because they tasted old and had no flavor. Very plain.  \nThe grilled chicken Bahn mi was ok. The bread was good! But it was lacking flavor and had 3 carrots a small cucumber and one skinny strand of cilantro and a lot of dialing. The spread was good and chicken good too. I just wished they stuffed it more. Maybe I hit a bad day. There was 2 working the registered and I saw 2 in the back. \nWaited about 10 minutes in line, then another 10 for my sandwhich. A little long for a weekday mid morning. \nLike I said I possible hit a bad day, I would give 2 stars but I could tell they felt busy and we're trying to accommodate. I probably would come back and try it again.
Excellent food, beautiful interior and good music! I LOVE their kabobs! Another A+++++
Take it from a real live Indian who used to live in New Delhi: this is the best, most authentic, just like mom makes it food in phoenix. And the groceries are good too - this is one of the few places in the Valley I can get a Thums Up (if you don't know what that is, you best find out!!).\n\nGreat selection of namkeen (salty snacks) and decent fresh asian veggie section (kerela, persian cucumbers, daikon, the works). I love going there, pickin up my faves, and having a quick bhel puri. :) \n\nYes, all these things I have mentioned above may not be the mainstream type of thing, but seriously, TRY THEM OUT! You're missing out if you don't!
Over a month ago, I had a bad experience when I got stuck in the tunnel due to the manager neglecting his duty of ensuring the exit door was open. Well, I received a response from this company on FB, and I will have to give them credit, they took my message seriously! I decided to give them a second chance, I documented every existing scratch on my truck and then proceeded to run my truck through the wash. A detailed inspection revealed that some of those scratches were actually soap residue from a gas station car wash(very stupid of me to do to begin with). The staff do care about their customers. Because of this, I am updating this review to 5-stars because they did a good job and took my feedback seriously!
We hit this place about 3 AM after some clubbing.  They have lots of tasty drink selections as well as an around-the-clock breakfast menu.  I shared the eggs benedict with my cuz...it was really good and I don't think that's just the alcohol talking.\n\nCool kitchy decor in here with lots of neon and faux trees and big booths for all.
Things started off great until I noticed more and more that my daughter was getting hurt. It went from scratches to bites to bruises and then the last straw, a bruised and swollen head and eye that looked like she got punched. You may of heard of me, I'm the parent that finally put my foot down to this day ares mess. I confronted the owner about my daughter being bullied and he yelled at me in front of everyone including my child because I didn't how careless his staff was then kicked us out like trash! I had never been so hurt for my daughter and offended by someone whose in charge of her well being while I'm at work so I shared my feedback on Facebook about how horrible they were to my daughter and me. Come to find out, comment after comment of parents who hated this place because of the same issues and because they're dirty. They have roaches and your kid will be picked up with snot all over their nose and their outfits filthy. So many concerns. I filed a police report, filed a complaint to the state, and my Facebook feedback shared so much that our story was aired exclusively on ABC15 news channel. I'd really second guess this daycare. They're cheap and provide diapers and wipes but I rather go spend $20 or more a month at a different facility I know I can trust. Thank you.
The food is always consistent and very good. The only thing that is a down fall is they don't deliver until 5. But other than that food is great and staff is always pleasant.
Skip is an old dog, they were so sweet and gentle with him. I appreciated the extra time they took with him.
Hey People...\nThis Place Ain't Nothing Like Coyote Ugly.\nCause Coyote Ugly NO MATTER HOW HARD THEY"VE TRIED...Will Never be Hogs and Heifers !!!!\nCause You Can't Teach Cool \n\nFor Those of You That Don't Know...\nCoyote Ugly was a Direct Rip Off of Hogs and Heifers.\nThey Made a Unwatchable Movie about a Lame Rip Off of The Original\nIt's What You Get With a Copy...It;ll Never Be the Original.\n\nThis a DRINKING "Saloon"\nNO Salt, No Lemon, No Lime, No Wine, And NO WHINING !!!\n\nAs I Read these Reviews, I Can't Stand the BS.\nThe Bartender took my money as a Tip, and said she'd put the Drinks on my Tab.\nLIE...There are NO Tabs.\nNo Credit Cards.\nCASH ONLY !!!!\n\nThe Bartenders are Loud \nThe Music is LOUD.\nThe Drinks are STRONG\nThere is NO VIP\nThe Only Bottle Service, is your Favorite Beer.\nThis Bar is America.\n\nAnd When You Get Tired of the Strip, The Gambling, The LIghts, and The Vegas Hustle...\nCome to the Saloon, that So Many Say When They Walk Thru the Door...\nI Feel Like I'm Home
Every time I take my car in, they tell me something is wrong with my car that is not wrong. Then they proceed to give me these ridiculous prices for it to be fixed. However, when I take my car to another shop it is not the same problem that meineke said it was. And the fix is more reasonable. \n\nEx.\nMeineke: "You need a new transmission and it'll cost $2800."\nOther shop: "Your sensor is unplugged, so its reading weird codes. We'll plug it back in and see what it reads. ... Nothing came back after plugging in your sensor. Your car is fine, that'll be $60.
Was very excited to try this, who doesn't like cinnamon rolls.  I only tried the mini cini and maybe they're different.  I got two, one with cream cheese icing, the other amaretto.  I ate the cream cheese one asap and found it to be dry and pretty boring.  Today I heated up the amaretto and thought that would help.  It didn't.  Maybe a topping would make them a little more flavorful.  I'll probably give it another try down the road and hope for the best.
I am struggling with exactly what to say about this place because I see so many rave reviews on how fabulous their pizza is. I just brought home an 8 cut with a couple toppings and an antipasto salad. The pizza was of decent quality sauce and toppings wise but the amount of topping is scant to say the least and the crust requires some healthy chompers to chew. I mean it is brutal. To boil this down I guess, for me, it is a matter of value. This 8 cut could have been folded in half and eaten like a taco. Very small pizza for a price of over $13.00. The salad was fine. Fresh and crisp with a nice selection of meats and so forth. Again, not very big for a price of over $9.00. I guess what I am saying is if you plan on feeding a number of people you had better order a lot of stuff and be prepared to drop some cash. I guess to bottom line this I would say the food is average, at best, and the value\/price ratio is poor. Won't be going back only because I can get better for less and more of it. By the way, as a matter of safety, be careful after dark at this location. Carnegie is not a great area to begin with and this shop is located in one of the less attractive parts of the borough.
HUGE! Friendly service. Peaceful atmosphere.\n\n I wish I could remember the name of the gentleman that took care of me. Such a delightful experience. I think I recall him saying that this wasn't his regular station or something to that affect. He's white, about 6'1, white bushy hair, heavy rich voice and an angelic personality. Kind of like a grandpa or something. \n\nI don't blame the post office, but Phoenix would do well to get parking meters in their city that permit the use of credit\/debit cards. Them coin doohickies ain't workin' for me. It's 2016, not 1986. #wildwest
Excellent experiences at the Avon location, getting my hair cut by Cami. She's fantastic and very skilled. After getting some mediocre cuts elsewhere, I was so thrilled I tried there.
After my most recent visit, I have decided it's a 5 starrer. Actually, it's mostly because of the Mango Salad. It is prepared like a traditional papaya salad, but in the place of the thinly sliced papaya, you get to devour mango. And, I think it is far superior to papaya. The thoughtfulness, creativity and cravability of this dish is a perfect representation of Weera. I have had numerous notable Thai standards, like the green curry, but they really stand out by always having a little twist on the standards that are equally, if not more, delicious.
This Walmart is one of those many locations that just make me shake my head and wonder why consumers are willing to put up with this nonsense... And why Walmart is such a money-making store.\n\nI've shopped here about 3-5 times and have always been unimpressed. Last time I went into the store, Valentine's Day candy was laying on the floor of the main entry aisle (a potential safety hazard) for at least 30 minutes and was never cleaned up. Ten minutes before the photo studio closed, the associate clocked out and left me stranded, searching for an employee to help me with my 30 second transaction. I recently purchased a notepad with a magnet on the back to hang on my fridge... that broke within a week. I've been stuck in the express line for 10 minutes because someone in line ahead of me didn't have enough money on her EBT card and wasn't decisive enough to figure out what to put back. I could go on and on and on.\n\nMy recommendation? Only shop here in an emergency. And, if you're a female, make sure to shop with a male or a group at night. I do not feel safe by myself...
I've driven by Dickey's BBQ so many times and finally decided to try them out.  The menu is straightforward and easy to pick out a meal.  I ended up doing the three meat plate featuring chopped beef brisket, polish sausage and pork ribs.  My sides were the potato salad and green beans.  Price wise it is very reasonable with three meats, two sides and a dinner roll.  I rank the chopped brisket the best of the three meats chosen followed by the pork ribs and the polish sausage rounding out the three based on flavor and overall texture.  The ribs were quite tender but could have used more meat surrounding the bone.  Chopped brisket was flavorful and somewhat tender.  All three meats went well with provided BBQ sauce.  The green beans were very tasty as well as the potato salad.  Overall I would recommend Dickey's for a quick BBQ fix and will go back again to try other meat combinations.
I came here a few months ago and experienced amazing service and a great pedi. I have a wedding this weekend and decided to stop by for a quick pedicure. Today was my last trip to Lili. \n\nWhen I got there, everyone stared at me. There were no clients but 3 employees. Whatever- I can look past that. For $18, I'm not expecting the red carpet. I told them I needed to be quick and they were cool with that. I got in the chair and she started the pedi. The nail service was great......here's where it got cray. They have a flat screen that you can watch from your pedicure chair. Last time I was there they played music and then short clips about celebrity nail salons- I really enjoyed it. This time, one of the employees was playing YouTube videos (ON THE FLAT SCREEN RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME) of how to do prosthetic halloween make up: a nail through a finger, flesh eating virus, etc. As you can imagine, these images were disturbing. I could feel my stomach turning so I just kept my head down....but I could still hear it all. I think they noticed towards the end that I was uncomfortable so they turned the sound off...but HELLO! I was so upset i was trembling by the end. It was all in plain view! I get that I shouldn't  expect the most luxurious pedicure, but this was a little much. I tipped my tech but I let the YouTube gentleman know when I checked out that I would not be coming back and that it was the most uncomfortable pedicure of my life. His response? "I'm sorry...?" Do not step foot in this "business.
Awesome food & bartenders. Luv the chambly unibrouge beer. Decent prices. Nice place. Good decor. Good atmosphere. To be sure Friday's nights are not a night to have couple date night. It's mostly singles or geared that way it seems. So if you have a party of four or more save it for another night.
My favorite USO in any airport!  Service members and families should definitely stop by.  The staff is super friendly and the facilities are outstanding.  Plus who can resist Bojangles
I'm a 63 yr old female and just had Botox at East Valley Cardiology.  I feel I look much more rested and prettier.  I had injections in my forehead, between my eyebrows, had a brow lift, crowsfeet and my upper lip and it was virtually painless.  Wendy DeMichele,RN did the injections and was very professional and knowledgeable.  The office was beautiful and the staff were, again, very professional and helpful.  I definately will come back again.
Absolutely awesome. Great menu, amazing food, very attentive personal service. \n\nGreat prices  and very crisp clean decor  \n\nWell done. My new favorite Italian Restaurant in the South Summerlin Area. Probably vegas.
Went to see Kim after work last week for a fill + shellac. It was my first time going there and she was absolutely amazing. She had me in and out within 45 mins max. She is extremely talented and detail oriented. The price is very generous as well, being in the middle of yorkville- it's unbeatable. Will be back in a few weeks- thanks for the amazing service. So impressed.
I had a very satisfying lunch at Maki My Way. I did not try the custom rolls, but I ordered one of their rolls off the menu, and it was rolled fresh for me. \nThere are to-go pre-made roll containers, but that is if you are in a hurry. \n\nThe roll I had was very, very good quality. The rice was right, and all the ingredients were really fresh and plentiful. The portion looks small, but I was really full after that I even delayed eating my dinner (I eat a lot. Like, I never order salads when I go out). \n\nI thought the price was very reasonable (rolls start from $7.50 and up), and this is actually the best quick-service sushi joint experience I had in the downtown core. By quick-service,  I mean don't bring your girlfriend for a special treat (don't do it, bro) or a visiting aunt from out of town. The feel and set up is very much like a bubble tea cafe. It is more of a lunch place, especially compared to the dinner options on the street.\n\nThe cashiers are also semi-servers and they were very professional and well-trained; they will bring the roll to you when it is done in a disposable plastic container, with chopstick and soy sauce (you get to choose low-sodium or regular).\n\nThey also had tons of hot food options, which I didn't get to try. I will be back.
Have been here a few times due to working nearby.\n\nFew consistent issues:\n-order is never ready at the time requested\n-order needs to be double checked frequently because have forgotten add on's that were purchased.\n\nWith the first issue, my one concern is that we have a short work lunch, and it is so convenient to be able to pick up food at a specific time.  It is not ready though when we show up, regardless if you placed it with 30 min for them to prep.\n\nMultiple times as well the guacamole has been left out of the order.  No time to head back on my lunch, have called for the refund to be issued a few times and never was.  No use in wasting my time over a few bucks, but it would be nice to know they would at least attempt to make it right next time.\n\nTake it as the warning it is, there is always a reason that place is empty.
If you are out looking for Halal meal, then this is it. Really nice atmosphere. Great food. Great staff. What's not to like? A bit far if you are near the strip but it's worth it.
Room was super disappointing. Rest of the resort is beautiful!\n\nWriting this right now as I stare at a concrete wall from my balcony. Few lightbulbs not working, shower floods, furniture is worn. \n\nI stayed here when it first opened and loved the hotel. Now, the room needs a little upkeep. Also wish I actually had a view, considering I bought the balcony room specifically for a view :(
Stopped in looking to buy, and was approached by Keith. Keith was a nice man; Someone I wouldn't mind doing business with. Apparently he was new though, because he was completely at the mercy of the sales managers. \n\nWe wanted to trade in my car, so Keith collected all of the car's information, so they could appraise it. He took it in to appraise it while we test drove a used Mini. We loved it, and could have been talked into it, but when we got back, the sales manager said he was far too busy to appraise the vehicle, and gave no real estimate of time when he would get around to it. I thought all of this was peculiar, as there really were no other customers to speak of. \n\nWe left, and Keith called two days later to offer me $1000 for my BMW. No thanks, Keith. No thanks. \n\nI will say, I definitely didn't feel pressured to buy... I did however felt a little pressured to leave and not come back.\n\nAs soon as that manager heard I only wanted to spend $12k-$15k, I was an instant write off. It's pretty insulting.
The absolute best quality burger in Phoenix hands-down. I've been going to Delux for over 10 years. The quality and taste is always consistent. Occasionally you'll get a new waitress or waiter or who is a little inexperienced, but they're trying their hardest. Whenever friends or family are in town and feel like a burger this is where we always take them.
Tasty food, excellent excellent service and all around a great experience! Kaka was packed on Halloween, and everyone had gotten into the spirit as we were literally being served by spirits! There were a large variety of food and some special treats that definitely aren't available elsewhere.  I think I had 8 of those mango slush shots that night!\n\nWe did experience some of the same that other reviews mention, we booked our table 3 weeks in advance to ensure we could get a table. The price is also a little bit higher than what your typical all you can eat goes for. All in all though, I would highly recommend a visit!
It is a highly recommended place to have traditional hand-made and fresh Chinese dumplings, buns (Bao zi), and noodles with a variety of flavors. The managers are nice to welcome and serve all the customers either dine in or take out. Also an important thing is that the price is very fair!
What's not to love about a little French bakery with macarons?! A friend and I stopped here after some shopping at No. 14 boutique right up the street. The sales associates recommended it and said there is always a line out the door. We showed up and as she said there was a like out the door. But no worries it moves very quickly! Due to the fact I just had brunch I opted to only get 3 of their macarons and 1 of their larger macarons. They were all gone within minutes. The large macaron I got was a raspberry macaron with cream and raspberries layered on the inside. It was by far the best macaron I have had. They also had a lot of sandwiches and pastries that looked heavenly that I would like to go back and try one of these days.
I called in and they were able to see me an hour from when I called. Sam and James tag teamed to provide me a great manicure and pedicure. Lily did an excellent job waxing my full leg. They are friendly and pay close attention to detail. I appreciate the variety of options they have and will definitely be going there again. I went in to pamper myself and left feeling like a queen.
One of the best meals I have ever had! \n\nWe decided to give Giadas a try before going to see a show and were blown away by how wonderful it was! We were immediately seated in a booth by the window so we could see out, and we had incredible views of the strip. We had multiple servers so we were never in want or need of anything. We ordered a bunch of small plates to share and they were all incredible. We got the brussel sprouts, meatballs, pizza, cesar salad, prosciutto and cheese, and breads and butter. They were all cooked to perfection and just the right amount of food. \n\nThe service was flawless, food was delicious, and atmosphere pleasant and elegant; we will be back!
At first glance this restaurant looks like another typical sports bar, but looks are deceiving. It's a relaxed, family friendly bar atmosphere which I am seeing more of these days. We were immediately waited on by Erica O. She was sweet and courteous. The menu is refreshingly different from the usual pub fare, in that they have a cool $2 menu of tasty sliders and other apps. I started off with a Mexican mule made with some kinda cinnamon tequila. It was different but good. Then my hubby ordered a Cuban slider and a black and blue slider. I ordered the fried pickles. All 3 were just $2 each (what a deal) and really tasty. The Cuban slider did have a bit too much sauce on it, though.\n\n\nFor our dinners we had the Classic burger with sage fries and the cauliflower steak burger with onion rings. It's really exciting for me as a vegetarian that there are items on the menu that I can eat other than the typical lousy black bean burger! Both burgers were tasty, but I found the sun-dried tomato aioli to be a bit too greasy for my liking on the cauliflower burger. \n\nI look forward to my next visit to Two Bucks so I can explore more of their interesting menu.  Worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood.
I was staying for the weekend at a nearby hotel and this new restaurant looked like it was worth a try. I went to Joe & Pie for both breakfast and lunch to try a variety of food. For breakfast, I had a combo with sausage, eggs, and French Toast. There was quite a lot of French Toast in this platter. The sausage seemed a bit too dry but aside from that, everything else was fine. For lunch, I tried a lamb shawarma. This was actually pretty good. Overall, service was pretty good and prices were reasonable, especially for the portions I got. Definitely a contender in the Liberty Avenue row, although I'd probably suggest trying the two Middle-Eastern items on the menu rather than their more conventional menu items.
We started at the bar while briefly waiting for our table and ordered the St. Francis Meyer lemonades on the bartender's recommendation; what a perfect combo: honey infused vodka with sparkling lemonade. \n\nBased on the Yelp recommendations, we ordered the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer which was right on. Great dish. \n\nMy boyfriend ordered the Prime Hanger Steak. I tried a couple bites and it had very good flavor. He said he really enjoyed it. I ordered the Forbidden Rice... WOW! What a delectable dish of great veggies and the black rice... what great flavors. When I offered Matt a few bites, I almost had to pry the plate back out of his hands. \n\nFor dessert we shared the Chocolate Cake with caramel sauce and peanut butter gelato. Very good! \n\nAll of the portions were just right. We were able to sample a delicious variety of flavors and enjoyed everything we ordered. Nice atmosphere with an outdoor patio. The hostess, bartender, and waitress were awesome too. \n\nWe'll be back for more!
Its a chinese buffet, the mongolian was not good imo but I have been to very good Mongolian restaurants. the sushi while not great its not that bad. and they do have some good entries in the buffet.
Today I had the chow main and orange chicken and honey walnut shrimp the wife had white rice orange chicken and Beijing beef service was good like always
Gave brgr a 2nd chance tonight after movie with husband.  The experience was as bad as the first. Rude servers !Horrible seating system.  \nSave your cash and go anywhere else. \nWe won't bother with a 3rd chance.
Tiffany is the best! I've been seeing her for couple months and I love the way she does my nails (and I also love the fact that my nails are so strong even tho I have gel polish). So I figured that other places may have been using cheap materials. \nVery clean salon and friendly staff.
I've never had a bad meal here. I always sit at the bar with whoever I come with just because I'm in no need for the show at the tables while they cook in front of you. Every time I have come here the service is always awesome. The sushi cooks are the best and this is the only place in pittsburgh where you can get brown rice sushi. Yes they always tell me it's extra for brown rice but it is 1000% well worth it.  The bartender is always fast and great personality. Food is always above and beyond great in my eyes, that is why I'm so shocked they only have 3 stars. And I am also in the service industry so I am very harsh on service and food. 5 stars from me all the time for my visits. A must try.
We had their appetizer of hot honey garlic wings - which were really good, however, my Greek -Salmon salad topped them by far - it's one of the very best salads that I have ever had!!   Hubby had the southwest chicken salad, which was awesome, and I also had 2 of their Cucumber Breeze Martinis. The drinks were not only great - but served in a regular glass, as opposed to the Martinis glass, which I dislike, because I tend to spill drinks in those "fru-fru" glasses!  ;)
This place is awesome and the service is exceptional!! This is the only place I go to get trophies and awards because they are quick and the quality is on point! Don't think about going any where else but here!
Not good... \n\nHad bike for 6 weeks - sent front forks out to have them "locked out" from shock because shocks were blown. When I picked up bike the shocks weren't locked - seemed just as spongy as when i sent it in and the bill was over $200 compared to the $120 I was quoted. I have called Janey (owner) 3 times and left messages now over the past few weeks with no return call. Work was performed at the Surprise location. Hate to have to resort to a poor review but my concerns have fallen on deaf ears. Guess they aren't in it for the long haul.
This physical brick and mortar museum centrally located on The Main at Duluth serves as a hub from whence a multitude of experiences have their provenance. Walking tours serve to enable the public to more vividly and viscerally interact with the past history of and the present-day life in Jewish Montréal.\n\nThese walking tours showcase different aspects of life in the Jewish community. There is the Beyond the Bagel walking tour which focuses on the historical culinary traditions and institutions that have shaped the tastes (as well as whetted the appetites) of Montréal denizens. There is the fascinating architectural walking tour wherein we explore the many landmark buildings which served the Jewish community. \n\nThis is a very special museum ... and a great concept! #Urbex has come to the museum scene in the city folks and I enthusiastically implore you all to come check it out. There is also a lovely café attached to the museum where you can have a knish or three and maybe some borsht. You must try the most sublime and decadent ice cream sandwich you've ever dreamed of ... rosewater custard ice cream sandwiched betwixt two cardamom spiced cookies ... what?!? Have you ever heard of such a thing. They've got very very good and exactingly measured drip coffee for your Java jones-ing pleasure. There are cool totebags and postcards as well as many books and buttons to peruse.   \n\nThe Museum of Jewish Montréal adds an historical and complex dimension to the intricately woven multicultural mosaic that is our beautifully vibrant city. The museum is dedicated to preserving and sharing the history and profound influence that Hebraic culture has had in the shaping of Montréal. Maps play an essential role here; even more essential is the role of the observer, whilst one studies and explores the cultural topography afoot, one must also observe the history that is hidden beyond the ornate façades and stained glass. Jewish Montréal is ubiquitous because Jewish Montréal is Montréal. From our love of food to our history, from the central (Main) artery of our city radiating outwards until island meets river, we see how Montréal has been beautified and made more radient by our Jewish community.
Good 'ole Chop Chop Wok.  This little place is so cute and one of my favorite go to Chinese places when the urge hits.  Over the past probably 5 or 6 years I've eaten here\/ ordered take out countless times.  Is it the world's healthiest? Probably not, but I don't eat it daily, so no big deal.  The employees are always friendly and am always greeted with a smile from Jenny (?) the nice cashier lady at the front.\n\nChicken fried rice: nicely cooked chicken chunks with some fried egg along with chopped veggies added in.  The rice was properly cooked and adds a nice addition to the meal.\n\nGeneral Tso Chicken: Being the major fan that I am, always ask for extra garlic and boy do they deliver. Found the chicken to be nicely breaded and tender with a strong punch of garlic.  Just like I love it!\n\nOrange Beef: One of my only gripes is that it was kinda tough.  Required some additional chewing, but had a nice delicate orange flavor with some orange peel present.  \n\nThis restaurant does provide a good value for your money.  Can't wait to try out some of their other offerings.  And the best part is that it's only about a mile from my house.
Place was ranked 3 1\/2 stars but was pleasantly surprised with the quality of food. Would skip the oysters next time but seafood fondue and seafood salad were excellent.
By far, the worst Paramount franchise I've been to. The customer service is terrible. You have to remind the servers that you have placed an order to get served. The order over 25 minutes and the restaurant was not even half full. Never come here!
Delicious! You can't go wrong with their salted carmel latte :) Not to mention, the atmosphere is relaxing, the baristas are very welcoming, and the assortment of grilled cheeses are to die for!
I cannot say enough great things about Arizona taste. Great food, great service, their catering cannot be beat. I have used them twice now---once for a big event, once for a small, and both went off without a hitch! I'm very surprised to see the review above about the aisle runner because I have found the owner to be fantastic and over the top with service.  All I can say from my experience is that if you want a professional staff and great great food-- choose AZ taste.
Meepleville is awesome! Darrell showed us 4 games we've never played and taught us how to play them. There are so many games to choose from; if you don't know where to start, ask the staff for a recommendation.
Damn this place, always busy , poor traffic flow in the parking lot, usually pumps are out of order, and there is no fluid to clean your windshield, let alone a squidgy.
Consistently good and constantly packed chain. As usual a little noisy but nice atmosphere if you like a higher energy feel. Had the clam chowder at 13.95 a bowl with a ton of the bread, which is served with 2 great flavored butters (cheesy). Chowder was was very good, not overly rich with cream like some places. Had the 12 oz filet medium rare with the fleming potatoes (yum!), Brussel sprouts, and some shoestring potatoes (very crispy).Everything was great, with the steak done perfectly.Of course at these prices you should expect that. I have had the chocolate lava dessert before, but this time shared the carrot cake for dessert, both are excellent. Another nice prime steak dining experience.
My favorite of the Lindo Michoacan restaurants. It has an amazing view of the city, the food is authentic and delicious, and the service is good.
Great workout and trainers. Justin and the staff get you motivated. The classes are booked in advanced and typically full so be prepared to plan ahead. Overall awesome place to get in shape in south end.
Choice Chiropractic is bar none the best in the valley. Dr. Shiflet gets to know his patients and goes out of his way to ensure you are feeling your best, and receiving the most out of the chiropractic experience. I have been a firm believer and patient for 4 plus years. The staff is amazing and make it a pleasure to visit. It's easily affordable and a life investment.
Decent beers served in typically disappointing brew pub style. what is it with brew-pubs? Great in theory, but in reality the food and service never live up to the beer. This one is like a motor-sport themed Chili's. If that sounds awesome to you, have at it, rawkers. \n\nSomeone *probably* associated with the place, a user named Bill T with no reviews just one "tip" about how the Ale Asylum is not the Great Dane (?) and is not "cookie cutter" because the servers have "their own personality" (or something)  just sent me a rude personal message after I gave a less than adoring review. Surprisingly that failed to improve my opinion of your mediocre pizza or service.
I wanted to say thank you to Sprinkler Repair...  I have had several sprinkler repair service calls at the the house  and have paid a fortune for some simple fixes.  Dave was understanding when I explain this to him and was willing to help diagnosis the problem over the phone at no charge.  I am very appreciative of his time and understanding.  I will try his recommendation to fix my knocking problem before having to pay more money.  If for some reason this does not work, then I will call Dave to have a closer look at the system.  Thanks again.
came across this place with my girlfriend and it is an excellent place for a date. the food is delicious and they have a fairly diverse menu. can't wait to go back and try something different . i had the grilled calamari and tortellini it was great.
Stopped here today with my son. Very impressed with the help we got from Jacob. He was polite and very knowledgeable about the products. Really great experience.
If you are traveling to Phoenix and need a reliable car service DO NOT call this company\nReservations were made and prepaid for a pick up on February 7th for a flight coming in from California.   I gave the whoever answered the phone the flight information and was assured that a car and driver would be tracking the arrival of the flight and that they would be there to meet my party at the baggage claim as stated in their instructions and email - someone with a sign would be there to greet me!  Hah!\n\nNo one was there.  No one knew anything.  Numerous calls made-over an hour  wasted and still no limo.  Billing is screwed up.  This place is out of control.  \n\nDO NOT USE!
My feelings are very up and down about this place. It's definitely one of the cheaper places to eat, and the time that my boyfriend and I stayed at Treasure Island, it was a good place to eat when you were hungry from gambling and wanted a quick bite. Dishes are somewhere between 10-18 I think, which is expensive for pho, but cheap for Vegas. If you check my reviews, I love Pho. I am probably spoiled by the pho in the south bay. Overall my concerns are not about the food so much as the service. When we got there, the hostess was helping a waitress put out some plates. understandable. She said that she would be with us in a second. But a second was  like several minutes, so the point where the manager came out. She definitely did not know what she was doing. It was embarrassing. She finally got around to seating us. It was around 5 so it really wasn't that busy. The waitress took over 10 minutes to take our order. When she took our orders, she forgot to take the menus away. The busser forgot to give me my soda. My boyfriend did not like his drink and asked if the waitress could take the drink away. She refused and then proceeded to talk about him for several  minutes, yelling loudly across the restaurant at the manager. The pho we received was extra fatty. We will not be coming back.
6:30 PM and out of ribs. Are you kidding me? Ridiculous. No apologies, nothing. Not the first time either, according to the reviews on here. If you run out of ribs several times, you might think about smoking more for the day. Another couple was going in as we were leaving, and turned around and left because no ribs. You're a BBQ restaurant, you should never run out of ribs. Gimme a break.
A good, solid breakfast joint (and lunch if you're feeling that kind of way) that's perpetually busy and now I know why. \nMy husband and I had a rare weekday off together and we decided to try this place out (finally!). It was a Thursday around 10am and while we didn't have to wait for a table, it was surprisingly busy. We were sat at a small table just off the bar area and our server, Austin, was outstanding. My husband told him it was our first time there and asked for suggestions and he immediately whizzed off to get us some complimentary banana muffins. Heaven in a muffin tin, people! And that damn butter! Grassland Dairy, where are you? Where can I find your butter for sale? So freaking good! I'll say it again-so. freaking. good. I need you Grassland butter! \nMy husband opted for a breakfast skillet and I had the spinach eggs Benedict. Husband was super happy and his skillet was HUGE and had everything he wanted. Potatoes (more on those later but mmmmmm!), eggs, ham, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms and cheese (and really, I may be missing a few items cause there was just SO much packed into that thing!). It came with a side of toast and again, that BUTTER! \nMy spinach eggs Benedict was...well, it was ok. The eggs were poached perfectly and the English muffins didn't get soggy, which is almost impossible with a bennie so mad props for that. I did take issue, however, with a couple of the main parts of the it. The ham was way too salty for my liking and the hollandaise sauce was, well, just ok.  It's not that it was bad, just kind of bland. The potatoes, however, were to die for. Chopped up into bite sized pieces and lightly seasoned. No need for ketchup or any dipping sauce with these spuds-they stood up deliciously by themselves. The orange juice (which they say is fresh squeezed) cost a mint. $2.95 a glass with no refills. Save some dough and forgo the OJ in place of something less expensive. \nThe service was second to none. We were greeted and seated immediately. Our server was incredibly friendly and easy going. Our order was taken quickly and accurately and despite the restaurant being busy our meals came out pretty quickly. \nI recommend Eggworks to everyone at least once! It's easy to see why they're approaching a cult following status.
I have tried this place various times for years now. I am a big fan of authentic French pastries in general. I have stopped to pickup viennoise (croissants dough pastries) from time to time. Unfortunately, I felt bad only giving them only a 3 star. The technic used for the pastries and cakes is indeed authentic and higher in quality than 96%  of bakeries in Mississauga. However their turnover is not that fast for them to have fresh tasting pastries or cakes.  \nOn the viennoise side,croissants etc, they are pretty much fresh and decent tasting for Mississauga. (Not much options out there). On the cakes, petit four and macaroons side though, it's a big disappointment. They all taste like they have been previously frozen for months and have absorbed all the nasty food smell a freezer holds. The sad part is that all of these cakes probably tasted amazing as fresh products. I always support them, but over the last couple months I have stayed away from their macaroons and cakes. My other issue is that that make great quiches but when you buy them, they reheat them in a microwave over. The texture is utterly ruined. I would rather they have less cake varieties and selection, but that they taste fresher and that they invest in a speed oven to reheat items like quiches. This best should work on improving. They will definitely get a 5 *. I will keep on checking them out when in the area.
That's one more Mandarin buffet lunch under my belt...heh, heh.\nThe ROMEOs (Retired Old Men Eating Out) met there for lunch again today.\nIt never disappoints.  Always bright, friendly torpedo shrimp...I mean \nwaitresses.  Penny was particularly nice, she used my iPad to take our pictures.  Did I mention the sweet and sour waitresses?  No, sorry, I mean chicken balls. The staff are all sweet and the food is always wonderful.\n     See you again when someone else has a birthday.
Friends visiting wanted too mix things up with all you can eat sushi. Normally its sushi-mon. I have been too this place long long time ago. It been years that forgot the whole experience so excited about trying ti again. The sushi bar is interesting because it slightly higher when you sit down. If looking for the experience of watching sushi chefs make sushi. Forget about it. The quality of the fish is spot on everything we had tasted fresh. Unlike other sushi places I found the nigiri cuts of fish slightly larger so getting more fish. The soft shell crab (it favorite sushi of the night) liked is deep fry crab instead of making it roll all crab and then server it with dipping sauce. We order two of those! -)) The sushi rice was good too.\n\nOverall feel like good sushi. Good service. The sushi chefs were very attentive and make sure if nothing in front of you asked like next. Like too mix things up once in while then stick with my regular spots. I would could back mix things up again plus close too my house so always plus.
This is by far the best place for coffee. I love coffee And this place makes a bomb dirty chai. I love to relax read drink coffee and grab a bite in the early mornings and this place is perfect. The morning girls are the best company and super friendly. Turkey panini yum!! And breakfast sandwiches at any hour??? I'm in heaven.
This coffee shop was just okay. I enjoyed the vibe, with all the metal and bicycle decorations, but finding seating was scarce.\n\nMy best friend and I took up two whole couches next to each other when we had the chance since we had a few others joining.\n\nI like that they serve coffee and beer. Best friend had an Espresso Excelente, which was tasty. It had horchata, espresso, and cinnamon in it. I just had a soy latte which was nothing to write home about.\n\nI could not for the life of me find sweetener anywhere. No sugar, no simple syrup. Nothin'. And my latte sorely needed it.\n\nCustomer service was good, though. Clientele seems mostly college-aged kiddos doing homework.
I just got a mattress from here and I am very impressed. They were able to deliver as soon and we wanted and gave us free delivery. Jacob our salesman was very knowledgable about mattresses and was able to help us make a good decision. I am very pleased with everything about the store.
Amazing food and service!  Can get crowded but they do take reservations.  They make a mean steak and their bacon jelly....to die for!
The food is amazing! Service can be minimal and seating is limited. Lunch is always busy, but the food and value is worth it. Try the garlic pepper chicken or the panang.
Great place, good brews and food at decent prices.\nAtmosphere is modern\/artsy.\nGreat place for a date or afternoon snack.\nAnd it's non-profit!!!
I went there for the HCG diet. They did not provide the background, theory, or timeline. They gave a single sheet of paper for instructions and all the hormones up front (that runs the risk of them degrading as they age or becoming bacterially contaminated). They did not adequately address exercise, so I wound up gaining weight on the program and being chronically lightheaded.
Average Scottish restaurant. Relaxed cosy vibe, good service. Food is average and quite bland, nothing too exciting.
Great contemporary restaurant with excellent cuisine, service and overall quality. Hot bread  with oil, I was offered a complimentary drink, service was top notch. I had the clams to start, they were very fresh, tasty and cooked perfectly. Risotto was good but not seasoned to my taste, however it was well cooked and satisfying. Nice cheese selection. I liked the wine selection, two sizes offered by the glass, prices were reasonable. I would return anytime!
This place is fantastic! Its owned by a sweet couple who were more than happy to explain the menu and even showed us an example of what the meal looked like prior to us ordering. We have never had this type of cuisine before, but our waitress was wonderful in explaining everything because we had a few questions. The tea had so much flavor, and we tried the doogh drink. Its a flavor we were unfamiliar with, but it was nice to try something new. Drinks were served with sugar cubes.\n\nOur meals were very good in size and priced accordingly. My dad ordered the stew and it had more flavor than any other we have had. It was also very hearty and had a side of rice. The number 9 was big enough to share comfortably between two adults, and it was arguably the best tasting chicken I've ever had. I wish I knew how they seasoned it.\n\nI would highly recommend this place to a friend, and I'll probably be back to share this restaurant find with my boyfriend, since we are on a mission to try new foods this year :) \n\nThe other thing, during the time we ate in the restaurant, it had filled up with other Mediterranean families, which showed us that it really must be authentic and true to the flavors of their native country.
This restaurant was a great local spot but recommend going in a small group because there isn't space for large numbers. The eggs benedict was delicious and definitely recommended.
First off, I want to say that this place came highly recommended to me from a number of friends and coworkers. \n\nI throes to make an appointment, and they said I needed a referral. I don't know why they needed me to have a referral since I have a PPO, but I complied. Not too big of a deal. Just another $20 copay at my primary. \n\nI made the appointment with Dr. Grover, and it had to be either Tuesday or Thursday, that's when he's in the office I was told. I made it for a Thursday, took the day off of work, and showed up 30 minutes early to fill out my new patient paperwork. \n\nAs I walked up to the window and sign-in sheet, there was another person being helped at the next window. I filled in my name, wrote new patient, and waited to be acknowledged by my window's attendant. She was at the time looking at the girl at the other window. Without looking at me, she told me to have a seat and I would be called. No problem, just a little rude, but I asked if I could have the new patient forms to fill out. Again, without looking at me she asks me to sit down.  \n\nI sat for 45 minutes without being called. After the 45 minutes, the same girl calls me up and rudely asks if I was a new patient. I said yes, and told her that I had asked for the new patient paperwork when I first signed in. She asked what doctor I was seeing (figured this would show in my chart, or at least look at what I wrote on the sign-in sheet), I told her Dr. Grover. She then tells me that he's not in that day. She says that someone should have called me, but that they forgot to. I told her I'll see another doctor since I took the day off work and I'd been waiting for 45 minutes. This is the funny part, she says he's the only one that can see new patients. If that's the case, then when I said 45 minutes ago that I was a new patient, shouldn't an alarm have gone off for you?!?!\n\nI came back the next day, only because of the stellar reviews, and met Dr. Grover. Very nice man and seemed that he was very smart. I needed surgery and we scheduled. \n\nSurgery went well, and when I returned for my follow-up, I needed to do physical therapy. I asked if there was a place close to my house and he said yes. That's great, I thought, since his office was well across town for me, and I was already doing PT for a shoulder surgery. However, he said if I could go to the other PT, that I could go to his as well, and referred me to the one he owns. I thought this was rude, but tried to go. Scheduling two sessions at different places so far from my house was a nightmare, and I stopped his PT. THIS REVIEW DOES NOT REFLECT POORLY BECAUSE OF PT. \n\nThe 90 day follow-up was an 8:00am appointment. I also had an appointment at 12pm for my shoulder that day at my other doctor. I was into a room before 8:30 too see Dr. Grover, but that's when time began to stand still. I sat in there from 8:25ish until about 11:45, yes, almost 3-1\/2 hours in the exam room. If the first appointment is at what I assume to be 7am, how are you 3 hours and 45 minutes behind after only being open for 60 minutes? \n\nI came out of my room and told the nurse I had another appointment, but that I'd been waiting for almost 4 hours. She just said ok, let me go, and they haven't called me since. That was over a month and a half ago as I write this review. \n\nThey seem terribly disorganized, there is no communication. The doctor does seem amazing, but as the owner\/doctor, this falls on your shoulders. I will never go back. Second option is where I'll be for any further treatment.
Probably the best New York thin crest pizza I've ever had.  Ate here three times while I was in town!
When they first opened, loved the pizza (and was awesome they delivered!)  After a while, quality began to suffer and literally the pizzas started to be burned several weeks in a row.  Stopped eating there for about a year and went back in Nov.  Called in an order and was told 30 min.  Had they said longer I would have not ordered from them bc we had an event to attend.  Went to pick up and they said it wasn't ready, 10 more minutes.  Ok.  Come back and STILL NOT DONE.  This was for 2 pizzas!  I'm really peeved at this point and almost walk out but my 5yo was begging me to wait to get it.  Another 10 minutes and they offer me garlic knots.  I said, how about next time, tell me an hour because no one likes waiting and that's about how long it took.  Think they gave me a pizza for free or something?  NOPE.  Likely never going back.  Don't like attitudes from business owners who think they're doing me a favor.
I enjoy going to Leroy's on my way home from work..great place to meet up with friends, the bartenders attentive along with the wait staff.  Their specialty is fried chicken, which is quite good, but the remainder of the menu is just OK.  I have yet to get excited about the apps...to really make this place be a standout is to improve the menu...quality of the food...currently the apps are equal to Chili's
My friend stayed here over the week and got a great daily rate for this high end hotel! Her room was amazing and had a killer view. I know she wasn't too crazy about them holding 150$ a day for accidentals! That seemed a bit steep
Good Mexican, lives up to the other family restaurants (State Street, others in Milwaukee).  \n\nThey have some of my favorite chips and salsa.  Burritos are good.
I ordered three poutines to go for myself, my daughter and her friend on a not so busy night (only one table had customers on the patio and not too many inside and it was after 11:00 pm. I waited for what seemed like forever for my order  and because we ordered extra gravy and I gave a small tip  the bill was almost $29.34 (for 3 poutine!?)  well once we got home and started eating we all noticed the fries had a strange texture. I realized it was because they were not cooked all they way, there was still a raw potatoe texture to them.  So I called them up and told them the situation and the waitress that took my order said to call the manager the next day and he would most likely replace it free. Well when I called in the next day I was told there was no manager in I should call in the next day. I said there must be someone there who can either replace my order or refund my money and the waitress just said they are busy no one is there and she hung up on me. So I walked over there because now I was pissed. When I got there I realized the waitress lied because I saw the manager right away. I told him the situation fully expecting that he would be apologetic for the rude waitresses actions and to my surprise he said he was the the one who told her to hang up because they were too busy to deal with me. \nAm I not a customer too? He said she was on the phone with me for 9 minutes! I showed him that my phone recorded that  it was a two minute call. He was so rude, I did get my money back but instead of apologizing for the mishap he said that that was the way they cook fries and if I don't  like  it I can take my business elsewhere! \nIncredible! The worst customer service I've seen in a while.
Kaleidoscope has a great selection of juices and I always find something new I like. Right now I love the charcoal water because it has a splash of lime in it and it helps cure any hangover. I also like the dirt water and the benefits that it brings.
First time at Garcia's today. Came to Arizona Mills for a haircut and stopped for lunch.\n\nIt was as really hopping inside, just after noon on a Saturday. \n\nWe each ordered combo plates and no drink and it still came to $30. Pretty steep for a lunch. \n\nNo issues with the food at all. It was typical Tex-Mex from a chain. The service was nearly nonexistent. After lunch arrived, she came by once more with the check. Guess she wanted us to order drinks?  Probably no return in my future.
Came here for lunch with my family friends about 17 of us.  Great value for the price.  A variety of Filipino dishes and all tasted excellent.  Had the dinuguan, Kare Kare, sinagang,  beef steak, tocino, beef mechado, pork adobo, and a few others.  Definitely will be going here next time I'm in Vegas again.
What a B-----. The girl at the front desk is such condescending little arrogant piece of work.\nI have a Neuton battery powered lawn mower. I've had it at least 10 years. It started acting up so I call Neuton and they said that Burlap was the authorized repair center for them and have the battery tested. They said bring the battery and charger only. Not the entire machine. I called Burlap to ask for directions and I spoke to her. She said to bring the machine in and not just the battery only. After a lot of bad mouthing Neutron's tech center I gathered up my lawn mower and drove 25+ miles to Burlap. The little girl was sitting behind the front desk. She slowly looked up and coldly said what can I do for you. Red flags started going off. I knew what was going to happen. I've seen her type before. I explained that I need my battery tested and she said to put the mower on the sidewalk and she will write it up. I did so. She came out and then started asking me a hole bunch of questions. What was going on with the mower,how old is the battery. OK so far. Reasonable questions. Then she asked how have I taken care of my battery? Did I charge my battery every month, where did I store my mower? I said I use the mower every week so it is charged every week and I store the mower in the garage. She started at me. "That's the problem" she said "you have to store it in a climate controlled room. In the house" My response was "who the hell stores their lawn mower in the house"? What a stupid thing to say. She then said "well that's what you have to do and now that I've told you that Neuton will no longer warranty the battery. At that time all I wanted was to stop talking to this psycho and get my battery tested. She started writing down the information and asked if I brought everything. I showed her everything. I must have left the blade at home. She went ape shi-. "How are we suppose to load test it without a blade!!!?\nI swear foam started appearing on the sides of her mouth. I packed everything back in the car and left. WOW. PSYCHO GIRL, Don't go to Burlap landscape and supply.\nP.S. I went to Battery Plus and they tested my battery and found the one cell was bad. Without a blade.
The Chanter is a sort of "unofficial" hang out for Napier students. Its a common meeting point for the beginning of nights out for students, so as you can imagine it can be quite loud, crowded and just generally 'studenty'. \n\nIts pretty cheap, which is probably why there is so many students. We were in the mood for cocktails, which is never really a good idea in a cheap bar. The cocktail menu said it was £3 for one, or special deal of two for £6. Uh huh, thanks for doing the math for me there but that isn't really any sort of deal. I'm not sure if they are just hoping people are too drunk to notice or its just a genuine mistake. Anyway as you can imagine the cocktails were lousy, as were the regular drinks.\n\nThe music was okay, quite a varied mix. And there was plenty of places to sit (that's the old lady in me coming out again). There isn't really anything outstanding about this bar to separate it from the rest, but its okay for a quick drink to start your night.
I live out of state and was just visiting Vegas.. Needed my Chinese food so I gave this place a shot and it was amazing! The girl working the cashier was so insanely nice & the food was amazing! Minus 1 star for the cold egg rolls but the rest was great! :) Plus, the food came out super fast which is unusual for a Chinese food place.
bomb.\ndot.\ncom.\n\nSeriously. \n\nSome of the best pickled veg, sliced meat, pasta, sauce... everything Italian in one happy little place. \n\nAnd free parking in the back!
Good! Very impressive, but not fantastic. I know it must be hard to make an entirely vegan menu, and it really was original and yummy. There were a few things that I missed though. I had the seitan shwarmer which is like a middle eastern style seitan sandwich. It was very messy and the bread was so dry it was hard to eat. The flavors were very good however but a little plain. I was impressed by the vegan sauces. The staff was super friendly. I would return.
Pretty amazing brunch. Great vibes. Megan M took my order and was helpful and fun. Can't wait to try this place for dinner. The portions were huge and the service was quick. Only thing is, the parking is limited. So biking or walking would be ideal. Good stuff!
This is going to be a quick review ( touch screen style)\n\nThey've just got rid of two imported taps for a rotating local stout. The other open tap has gone to a Waupoos cider ( prince Edward county).\nAnd, there's the cask too....\n\n All in all, this place is one of a favorite local. 17 taps of craft brew, quite simply, is beautiful.\n\nOther notes:\n- different pub furniture deco: large comfy chairs\n- HD Espn : watching Real Madrid v Lyon\n- friendly staff\n- didn't have any grub this time, but good pub fare
Saddle Ranch is like a family reunion if your family involves the entire drinking population of ASU. I swear every time I'm here I get a blast from the past in the form of someone I barely knew years ago, yet still feel the need to acknowledge as if we were great friends even though really we just went Rocky Point together one year but I don't even remember their name because there was like 12 of us, and they were in the other car and I wasn't even 100% sure whose friend they were or if anyone even knew them at all. So that's always fun.\n\nI can't get draft beer here, which is a bummer because they have big Fat Tires on draft for $8, which I would normally be all about except for I can't trust myself to contain 24 ounces of dark beer while wearing 4 inch heels and maneuvering around crowds of drunk people, not to mention a staircase. They do get busy but I've never waited too long for a drink. They have like 4 different bars, and like 12 bartenders on their busy nights, so they actually keep up really well. \n\nI've only ever eaten here when I was hungover, but the chicken tenders are good, as they always are at 10:30 in the morning after a bender. And they have $1.99 Bloody Mary's and Mimosas on Weekend Mornings, so I can't complain there.\n\nYes, the crowd can be a bit...douchey. But I've never really been bothered by anyone. Honestly, I'm a fan of anywhere in Scottsdale that does NOT offer Bottle Service. There's also no cover, barely ever a line, and the staff doesn't act like they're doing anyone any favors by gracing us with the opportunity to spend money there. I usually have a pretty good time here, even without the ASU Drinking Congregation reunion. That's like a bonus. A-OK!
Awesome service, great food, Amazing drinks. Definitely found a new Friday night spot.
Good service and food, but they tend to undercook their steaks.  The bread is extra, but it's a variety of artisan styles, all are very tasty.  Also it's fun to sit in the balcony of this old movie house and reminisce.
Being that I have to avoid sugars and carbs most of the time, I wasn't expecting Jimmy John's to have anything for me. I tagged along here with my friend for lunch to see what it was about.\n\nThankfully they have an Un-Wich, which is their version of a Lettuce wrap. It was actually just as good as eating a sandwich. Sure there was no bread, but I'm all about the meat, cheese, veggies, and sauce anyhow.\n\nThe lettuce was crisp and held together long enough to enjoy eating the full thing, and it was just as satisfying as eating a sandwich.\n\nI figured that worst case scenario they would have a salad option, but surprisingly they either don't or I just couldn't find it on the menu. In the end the Un-Wich was so much more satisfying than a salad would have been.
I like McBroom's for their selection but the prices are higher than I am used to paying for beer that can be found at most other distributos. The stuff you can't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh makes sense to have a price hike but the few times I've tried to get cheap\/party beer it is always 2-4 dollars more per case than anywhere else.\nI am pretty sure they are owned by the same people as D's Six Pax so I find it funny that a lot of other reviews claim to find it "sweet" that the D's servers sent them here for cases. \nMcBroom's selection is worth the prices, but the staff usually give the bare minimum of help and sometimes don't acknowledge that they have customers in the store. If you are in the area or looking for something special they are great, but I wouldn't go out of my way for this place on a regular basis.
Places around the lake should learn from these guys. Absolutely fantastic customer service, the owners and the bartender introduced themselves when we walked in and thanked us for coming to their bar when we left, now that is customer service! Driving by it, it doesn't look like much from the outside, but when you walk in the place, is so friendly and everybody is so nice what an awesome place and go have a few cocktails and just unwind. I highly suggest you pull in the parking lot stop in and have a drink I think you'll be pleasantly surprised. It is a little smoky so if you're sensitive to cigarette smoke it might not be the place for you, but other than that it's a great place to hang out.
Food is great but a huge   "BUT"\n\nWhen you order the special of 10 pieces for 11 bucks plus tax on the window.  To cut the thigh pieces in half, I am sorry but that is complete fucking bullshit.  I don't know if they do that shit in Latin America to up the numbers.  But that was the most deceptive fucking horseshit I have ever witnessed at any restaurant my entire life.  Some of those thighs might have been split into 3rds.  no joke.   Came out in my estimate to about 6 or 7 pieces.  Legs weren't split.  So the deal is 6 or 7 pieces for 12 bucks out the door.  Now is it that great of a deal?  Not really.\n\nHow about the food.   Only thing that saved this place is the food is great.  Good solid El Pollo Loco chicken flavor, but actually tasted better grilled over actual mesquite wood.  You get corn torillas.  A bunch.   Also get a good salsa that has a hint of carrot flavor that beat El Pollo Loco, and a couple jalapenos that were deep fried and had a type of soy sauce flavor on them, some lemons and pickled onions.  Honestly it was a great change of pace from El Pollo Loco.\n\nBut and I mean a huge BUT.  Cutting pieces in half is in a way false advertising and stealing from the customer.   Will I ever go back.  Maybe or maybe not.   I haven't decided yet.
Hysterical. Really a great show. Lots of improv with the audience. The whole cast is funny. The magic was great and Mr. Piffles was great. I'd recommend this show to anyone visitng Vegas.
Delicious - sweet tea brined roasted chicken, corn jalapeño slaw, mixed greens with white balsamic dressing, biscuits with jam and honey, and top it off with tupelo honey beer ... taking home banana pudding
I went to Brassaii twice in one week  for two different meals and had two opposing experiences. Instead of averageing them out I am going to write two reviews. \n\nThis one is for BRUNCH which should get 4 stars.\n\nWe met up with some friends for brunch on a Sunday and it was great to have elbow room as it wasn't too crowded. I was disappointed that they don't offer any muffins or bread for the table but I must say that the food was great. I had eggs benny with peameal bacon and my DH had the same with smoked salmon. All four of us also shared a basket of muffins and those were delish. We did not feel hurried and lingered over coffee and good conversation.\n\nThis one is for DINNER which should get 2.5 stars.\n\nMy DH brought me back to Brassaii this past weekend for a pre-birthday celebration. The place looked great and was pretty packed at 9pm. Although we had asked for a corner (quieter) table we were seated right in middle, next two very loud women. Note that there is barely any elbow room between tables here. To make things worse they seated a table of about 10 - 12 college grads right behind us. Not very fun if you are trying to enjoy a conversation.\nOut waitress was inattentive and ignored us for most of the evening. We poured our own wine and didn't get any bread at all. \nAll this would've been bearable if the food had been good. I ordered the foie gras app and it was a tiny sliver of it on a mushy piece of brioche - not very appectizing especially when you are charging entre prices for it. My husband ordered the oysters and there wasn't anything special about it. We've definitely had better elsewhere in TO. For my main I ordered the rissotto which wasn't my favorite - it had a strange paintain aftertaste to it. My husband ordered the steak and although it was cooked well, the portion was pretty sad. \nWe saw the manager (owner?) walking around but she ignored us as well otherwise we would have been happy to share our experience with her. \n\nFor the price of the meal, we felt ignored, dissatisfied and a little annoyed with all the noise behind us. Toronto has a lot of other great restaurants downtown.
The rating is based on what the Corner Alley is, rather than what it is not.  It is not your retro ghetto keepin it real we're actually here to bowl bowling alley.  It is a trendier upscale downtown bar that happens to have a bowling alley.\n\nThe problem with putting bowling alleys in downtown areas is that they take up too much space.  Which is probably why most of these places have to be more upscale, to make the money back.  But having been to places like Lucky Strike and Kings in other cities, I definitely think Corner Alley does the best with the upscale model, while keeping it real enough to actually bowl.  The only downside is that most other people there don't really know bowling etiquette.\n\nI have gone mostly on weeknights, when there is usually ample availability of lanes.  Nice that you don't have to compete with leagues here.  The drinks flow freely while you bowl, and the service (I've had the same server every time, I think) is excellent.  The drinks are reasonably priced too, and the bud light bottles are cute bowling pin shapes.  Bonus.\n\nI've never seen anyone in the massive front bar\/restaurant area.  But then again, I've only been during the week.\n\nMy one major piece of advice is DO NOT order the fried pickles.  I am a sucker for fried pickles and will order them every chance I get.  I was so excited to see them on a Cleveland menu.  My waitress warned me, however, that these were sweet, not dill pickles.  Then, when I went to the restroom, she warned my date.  (He wisely thought better than to override my order.)  And all I can say was, she was right.  Fried sweet pickles are disgusting.  But I can't blame Corner Alley - although why do they make them this way? - because I was more than sufficiently warned.  Let this be my warning to you, and hopefully you will not be as stubborn about it as I was.\n\nBasically, Corner Alley is a good central place downtown to go with co-workers or friends where there is something to do other than just eat or drink.  The activity makes things more interesting.  And it's a good balance for a group with bowlers and non-bowlers.
I've been going to Vince for the last several years, and I've never left disappointed. Always a great experience. I've went to barbers for the majority of my life, and Vince provides the most consistent cuts with the highest standard. I'll be going here here for my cuts for as long as I'm in the area, and if I have leave, I'll doubt I'll find another barber on Vince's  level.
Highland Auto is the BEST shop I've ever been to in Arizona. Virgil is always fair and very helpful. The work is done RIGHT the first time and they don't try to sell services you don't need. I wish other mechanics were honest like Virgil is. I have sen relatives to him that were given long lists of stuff supposedly needed for their car. Virgil gives them the honest answer and gets a faithful customer in return. I don't live near the shop. Its been my work and home but I'd go there no matter what. Thanks for being a great place to take my car.
The falafel was good! Tabouli was fresh. The hummus and pita also were great! I like it and you should try it too. Don't be fooled be the 3 stars ;)
Authentic Cantonese style food. Pork belly was crunchy. Hot and sour soup was on point. Bbq pork and duck were very good.
Such a great Mexican restaurant! The best green salsa in Arizona! Sweet and tangy and you can't get enough. The shrimp tacos are unbelievable and I can't seem to get anything else when I go.
This is my once-a-month (if not more!) favorite for delicious Indian food. I always go at lunch because I love the wonderful variety of their buffet. The food is always fresh, the options change daily, and the food is yummy! The restaurant is small, clean, and the service is very attentive. Hmmm - I need a trip back there next week!
my experience was not bad on The first few month, but the staff always change which is every one give you a different respond. The quality of the electrostatic not good.  also one day someone tried to enter my neighbor apartment!! I don't know where is the security. some of the resident who have a dog, they're not cleaning the dirtiness after  dog.!!
This is a MUST eat in Vegas! D-licious. Adobo fried rice omelet is UH-Mazing!
Craving a little culture in your life? Well cancel your flight to NYC for the Smithsonian because believe it or not, we have some cultural options right here in the desert's playground. \n\nI went to the Heard Museum many a day when I was a little girl visiting Phoenix (a much less populated city at the time). From the crafts to the history, the Heard Museum entertained even an 8 year old who really just wanted to play in the pool all day long. Fast forward a "couple" of years and I decided it was time to give this historical haven the grownup test. My friends, I was more than impressed. You know how sometimes you visit someplace as a kid and then you go back as an adult and everything seems smaller and just cheaper looking? Don't worry about this being the case with the Heard Museum. They have done a fabulous job of keeping the museum up-to-date, clean and full of great ways for all ages to learn about the Native American culture in Arizona. \n\nSome highlights include:\n\n1. Interactive. The Heard created great displays with information and an interactive game for children...or children at heart. \n\n2. Visual dessert for the eyes. They don't cheat you on historical artifact exhibits which shows that they have a nice group of donors who are eager to keep the museum alive and visually stimulating. \n\n3. Family-fun for everyone. I saw a brochure marketing family-fun days every Saturday in July. Activities include, interactive games, crafts, live performances, etc. \n\n4. AZ Resident Friendly. The admission price was $12 and I cringed a little, but then as if I was meant to get a little cultured that day, they told me that AZ residents receive free admission every second Sunday of the month. Not a bad way to take care of the residents melting in the heat! \n\n5. Cafe food you actually want to eat. To make the most of the day, I ate at the cafe and took advantage of the 85 degree weather while it still lasted. The food...was good. I had a warm turkey and brie sandwich on homemade cranberry bread with the corn pasta salad. Just writing that down made me hungry and want to go back for more. \n\nSo now that I've spread the good word on the Heard, it's time to check it out for yourself.
I've only ever been to the walk-in clinic, usually when I realize that OTC drugs and ginger ale aren't going to make my throat infection go away and I decide to bite the bullet and get some antibiotics.\n\nThis place is always busy, even if you go first thing in the morning before it officially opens.  I've never been the first one in line, despite setting an extra early alarm and booting it to the clinic as fast as my sickly body can move.  That being said, the wait is a LOT better than I've experienced at other walk-in clinics.  The receptionist is to the point and tries to get everyone in and out as fast as possible.  You do have to wear a super dopey face mask if you have a cough or throat problem, but trust me when I tell you that you will not be the only one suffering this embarrassing fate.\n\nThe doctors are quick but thorough and I've always left with the right prescription for antibiotics or cough syrup or inhalers or whatever I need to get over the nagging sickness.  Last time I went, the doctor found out I didn't have an insurance plan to cover prescriptions and was able to provide me with a sample nasal spray to get me through my latest ailment.  Even though he isn't my family doctor and sees hundreds of people a week, I was very grateful for the kindness (and spray) he extended in my direction.\n\nThis isn't a place I visit willingly, but when illness knocks at my door and I Nyquil is no longer cutting it, this is the place I want to be.
My review is actually about the hygienist, Randy. She has been with Dr Lamborn for 24 years. Even though I live in CA, Randy cleans my teeth. I'm very hygienist picky LOL. She is very nice, thorough and welcomes all feedback. Highly recommend
Take out is much faster since my last review! Love their Rumbi Stamp card too - who doesn't love free food?!
Chicken Wings were a bit small, but good favoring many choices.  \nFries were good.\n\nIts a "guy" bar.\nLots of Big screen and nice small patio outside.
I cant thank Doug Chen and Robert Lane enough for the hard work they put into my deal! We recently had a very bad experience with Towbin Dodge, we returned the car and that dealership destroyed my husbands credit!\nDoug was very professional,informative and most importantly not pushy! He worked hard to find the car I wanted. After our horrific experience with Dodge, Robert went above and beyond to get us financed as our credit dropped because of Dodge!\nIn the end it all worked out and they got us the deal we needed to make the purchase! \nI AM ONE HAPPY LADY WITH MY CAMRY XLE!!!!!\nIf you are in the market for a car I highly recomend Doug! Tell him SuzieQ sent you! I'm sure they will make you feel appreciated for bringing them your business!!!\nTY Doug and Robert!!!!!!\nSuzieQ
I love small independent Chinese restaurants.  I'm originally from the San Francisco Bay Area so I've experienced a LOT of Asian food.  This place is really really good.  I had the garlic chicken - cooked perfectly - crispy chicken and crunchy zucchini with a savory garlic sauce.  My only criticism is that the hot and sour soup was a little thinner than I'm used to - but overall a really good meal, a really fair price, and wonderfully friendly staff - try it - you'll like it
I really think this buffet is highly overrated. My friends rave about it all the time but it's not worth the praise. The crab is watery, the "lobster" if you even wanna call it that is like jumbo shrimp that looks like it was genetically created. The other food at the buffet is mediocre. Their Mediterranean section is decent but nothing here, even the "lobster" is worth going for.
This place is amazing! Every time we come, it's very good, service is excellent. It's a great place for family and friends or just good night out. \n\nWe're a pizza and pasta family. We don't eat just pizza or just pasta. We like to eat them together. The pizza's are very good and at the same time the pasta is excellent. \n\nTonight for apps we had two, our pizza was 'The Di Fara Special' --A square, red pie with hand-cut pepperoni, fresh & aged mozzarella, grana padano, fresh basil, EVOO - a NYC legend *Served Brooklyn Style, edges are chared.  \n\nAnd we had Zuppa de clams, --Little neck clams sautéed in EVOO & garlic with choice of a spicy red or white wine broth, topped with grilled crostini & finished with Italian parsley.\n\nMy husband got the Brooklyn chicken, Lightly pounded chicken coated in seasoned bread crumbs then fried & topped with roasted peppers, San Marzano tomato sauce & melted mozzarella.\n\nI had a special, seven cheese ravioli with crab meat, it was good, large pieces of crab, creamy sauce, large ravioli. \n\nSo if you enjoy good food, excellent service and a friendly atmosphere, this is the place to come!
I've always enjoyed this place but had a bad experience today waited 35 mins for me and my daughters food, I realize today is Saturday , but I sincerely think the waiter forgot to put our order in. Hope my next time there it doesn't take forever, forgiving since this was the first time I've had to wait that long even on a weekend
HORRIBLE SERVICE. I was blown away how horrible it was. Took twenty minutes for the hostess to figure out who out server was and after that we would see her once every 30 minutes.
Usually really enjoy food and service at treehouse. Tonight a few minutes after sitting down an 8 top abruptly abandoned their table. Fifteen minutes later not a single server had so much as greeted us. \n\nWe walked out too.
Came hungry, left hungry. \nVegetarian dishes are forgettable, meat dishes taste disgusting. \nEggplant dish was drenched in some brown sauce, I guess to mask the lack of eggplant?\n\n\nThe cook is the same guy who used to run "Saffron Tree" on Bay & Gerrard. He can cook some veg curry, but he cannot cook meat. He should not be a cook, really.\n\nAvoid this place!
We first discovered Marrakech when my dance troupe attended the Belly Dance Intensive a few years ago. Every year we've gone to Vegas we've gone to Marrakech because it's such an awesome place to go to with a bunch of friends.\nThe minute you walk in the door you're transported to another part of the world; the low tables, dim lighting, variety of benches and poufs, Moroccan lanterns. The ambience is amazing.\nThe food is superb...and there's a lot of it... even 8 of us couldn't finish it all off. The servers give you plenty of time between the different courses so you can sit and chat and enjoy the fabulous dancers (and yes, the dancers ARE fabulous-- their technique is perfect). \nI've only been here with a large group, but looking around this would be the perfect romantic date spot. \nI'll also say that the mint tea at the end of the meal is superb. I'm not a huge tea drinker and I mostly dislike mint, but somehow I love this tea.
Stayed here for a work conference last week and I was so impressed! This hotel is gorgeous, very clean and the staff was kind. I loved coming back to my room being nice and "tidy" everyday. One morning I was in a rush and left make up scattered all over the place. The maid cleaned up everything so nicely. Staff was very helpful and I was always greeted with a smile. Having the Forum shops connected to the hotel is a plus too! Lots of great stores. Omnia nightclub is always a good time as well. I cannot wait to stay here again.
I'm glad I chose this company. Curtis was a pleasure to work with over the phone. Robert, Darius and Kimi were highly professional and took care of our items with care. There were two recliners that my wife really wanted in our bonus room and they worked their tail off wrapping it up so the walls weren't damaged going up the stairs. They were attentive to our new hardwood floors as well. There was a couple scrapes on the dining table that we noticed during the move, most likely caused by the straps placed to hold the furniture secure in the truck. Robert took pictures of it, Curtis sent his furniture repairer over within a few days and now the table looks great! 5 stars to You Move Me Charlotte!
SUper expensive place.  They make fresh French bread.  Portions are small.  Quality of food is inconsistent.  Service is not so good, especially the lady that stays behind the counter all day long.  Don't buy dessert or boba there.  they will rip your ass off and you won't be happy from eating it.
First visited Joe's in Anaheim.  The line was about 50 people long so I had to check it out.  Then low and behold they told me they had Astor in Tempe.  Best Italian ice.  I recommend going for the Joe Latti excellent.
Design by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1957 as an opera house for Baghdad, an overthrown monarchy tabled the idea and plans. The then President of ASU, Grady Gammage, called Wright, who altered the plans to reflect the culture and scenery of the new location.\nThe Grady Gammage Auditorium is the center of ASU's performing arts campus. \n\nWow, I can not believe I am giving this venue only three stars. As a season ticket holder for the last five years, I just enjoyed Wicked, and I am looking forward to The Book of Mormon. The people who work here are great. The wine bar, snacks, ticket office are all fantastic. \nSo, why the three stars??\n\nI am sick and tired of the parking situation, the poor acoustics, and the restroom situation. I know, I know, the place is a landmark and nobody wants to alter the architecture, but enough already. \n\nYesterday, the parking lot was full and closed for a full 40 minutes before show time.  After a twenty minute snail crawl drive to the overflow lot, people were literally running in order to make show time.  If you are a female, you can all but forget using the restroom.  Long lines, few stalls, all in the name of not altering the master design. Sitting in row 11 dead center for last nights show or our regular row a few back, the actors are difficult to understand. \n\nSomething has to be done. Very frustrating as a season ticket holder.
Beautiful, stunning, and educational. They provide free tours several times a day, just check their website to see when. Tour isn't too long, about 45 minutes, so something that you can easily commit to on a day you have free.\n\nReally stunning inside though and a pleasure to see.
Best wine and bruschetta deal on Monday and Tuesday nights. Can't beat a bottle of wine and 4 bruschetta for $20!  Can get a little crowded for this so come early.
Went there for Mother's Day, They were very busy but the staff did a good job of accommodating everyone. The food was as good as usual and we had two of the specials for that day,\n\nWe eat by here often and find it a pleasant place to be with good food. The only bad thing on this past sunday was an arrogant and demanding woman who made a scene because she didn't hear het number being called.
The staff and food are amazing! The food always comes out hot and fast. So far we have had the costa and southwest burrito, French toast, Toluca brizza and biscuits and gravy.\n\nThe portions are perfectly sized and such fresh flavors! I find the Italian roast coffee to be more savory and delicious than major coffee shops. Try Scramble!
I've been seeing Brooke for over 10 years now. I'm never disappointed. We've tried several different color combinations and they all turn out great. Also, so far she's done first hair cuts on 3 of my kids - she's great with them.\nAlso the nail lady is an artist. It's a little pricy but well worth it. \nI will continue to come here for any of my hair or nail needs.
If there was an option for negative stars Danny's would be deserving of that rating. They suck, it's as simple as that. I took my car in for a basic wash. That's all I wanted, a BASIC wash. It took me 5 minutes and walking away from the sales rep saying "look wash my car for what I asked for stop trying to up sell my shit I don't want!" First rule of sales know when to STOP pushing. \nToday I had the same experience. I received a gift card for a detail of $169. I received a call within minutes of dropping it off trying to again up sell me. Again ending in "look all I want is what's already paid for you are interrupting me at work!" Then I pick up my car and half what was paid for wasn't even done! This is the SECOND detail by Danny's where my car didn't actually get detailed. A wash and some armor all IS NOT a detail! \nStop the hard sell and do what people pay you for. This company should be out of business....oh WAIT what's that? You already ARE! Hmmm now I wonder why?
Mushroom Turkey Burger was pretty good!  Order took kinda long for a slow period. I waited about 20 minutes.  Will go back but maybe phone order first if can.
Had been hesitant to try this place for years, but I was wrong! In a town where the only decent pizza you can get is at Como's. I was pleasantly surprised.\nOrdered a Special Grec pizza and man was it yummy!\nIt's basically an all dressed with bacon and onions. They cook it just right, not to over cooked. The toppings are tasty, cheese cheesy,  sauce sweet, and pepperoni greasy.\nIf you want a change and want good pizza order from Chateau Grec. No regrets:)
They fixed my phone!great service!! Fixed it! Im coming back when i need it fixed. The manager was pretty g
Great Quilt shop!! Huge selections of fabrics and patterns to choose and you can see many samples along walls. Too bad it is far from Baltimore. We dropped by after visiting my sister in Painsville.
Not really sure why this place has such high reviews. My friend and I ordered the hot pot which was basically meat and vegetables in a sugar soup. So gross!\n\nWe also had a side of potato pancakes which tasted like really oily hash browns. That tasted good but it's really hard to mess up fried potatoes. At least they managed to withhold putting sugar in this dish!
800 reviews!!! Woohoo! *cough*...ok. So I went to Dreamscapes after searching and scouring the internet looking for an artist who did vivid color work. I finally found Margaret. Margaret was good to work with, very relaxed, but serious about her work. She e mailed me drawings of my design and I was set to go. I went to her to get a tattoo that represented my wedding (a long stem sunflower with the date worked into the stem) and had given her a few pictures for guidance and she did a great job taking my ideas and turning them into a good design. So, T day arrives and I get to the studio, only to find that she was sick and wasn't in...boo! That would be my one complaint because I knew she had my e mail and could have sent me a message so I wouldn't have driven across town for no reason, but it happens. Rescheduled over the phone. Went in a couple weeks later and she was there...hooray! She did the job quickly, but precisely. Now that I am mostly healed, I am very happy with her work. She did a very good job and the cost of the tattoo was reasonable. I would have no hesitation recommending her and returning to her in the future.
Heads up, this is a casino and clubbing-free review. With that said, I felt that at any minute I was going to see Don Johnson walk around the corner in the Miami-drenched theme. I have to admit the stark white lobby accented with colored lighting was a bit jarring at first and then overall kitschy (but what in Vegas isn't?). We tried to check in early, but that was a no-go and I was a bit bummed about having to kill a few hours when all I wanted to do was nap (it was a long day of traveling). The people at the front desk were polite and the room was standard. Nothing was broken or left dirty and everything worked fine. We did, however, request a city-view room, which we got. Apparently the MGM Grand across the street and the Hooters Hotel behind the Tropicana (right? I didn't know Hooters HAD a hotel) count as "the city". So, we went to bed every night with a giant image of David Copperfield staring at us as we fell asleep. I checked out the pool area and it was pretty small and I got an overall vibe of douche-yness, so I avoided that all together. Overall, a decent place to stay for a few nights and it's on the Strip.
Monica and her BizIQ team have been doing a phenominal job for us at Mystic Islands Casino!  Our mobile friendly website is great and she is always quick to respond to my many questions. I could not ask for better service! Thank you, Monica!
It's an acquired taste for Chinese food if you are not Chinese this is not for you! You have to wait for a while to be served
Went today to celebrate my my daughter's 16th birthday.  It was her choice as she came here a year ago for one of her friend's birthday. \n\nParty of 5.  All you can eat.  It took over 10 minutes after we got our table to get the tablets.  You place your order on a tablet rhey gave you and when done hit a bottom to send it in.  The server comes checks it up and goes. \n\nGood start.  Food started coming ay a steady pace at first but shortly after started coming notoriously more spaced out.  Some of the items where great and others like  the brocoli salad tasted awful and stale. \n\nServers work almost in a robotic manner.   Perhaps because the place was busy.  I was surprised that was the case for a Monday evening.   \n\nCleanliness: this is one area where they lack good service.   The ladies washroom was filthy and one of the 3 toilets was overflowing, leaving only 2 available.  \n\nService: several random waiters attend the same table so some where kind some where more stoic. \n\nFood: I would give it a 3 star for then freshness and quality and a 4 star for variety as there are a lot of choices on the menu.   \n\nPrices: Alcoholic beverages were priced right.   All you can eat dinnet $25 p\/p. Comparable with other sushi places in Oakville. If you pay cash you get 10% off the bill.\n\nFacilities: Decor is modern, spacious and with booth type tables. Located in a nice entertainment plaza. \n\nOverall a nice place to come in a group.  A bit too rush and hectic feeling if you're looking for an intimate romantic dinner or quiet place to eat.
The folks at Cane's have chicken down to a science. The quality is the same every time. Do you pay for it? Sure. But the alternative is to go somewhere else and get a possibly dicey product. The virtue of Cane's is that you never wonder. And that's amazing. Even more amazing that its a $6 lunch. \nThe fries are crispy and the buns\/bread are buttery and toasty. The sauce is delectable. The drinks are small and pricy. The restaurant is cold--probably to keep the hot poultry grease odor at bay. \nThis location has a small outdoor patio. Very popular this time of year!  Who can blame people?\nI watched a kid clean the tables. He took his job seriously. I guess with the messiness of the food, you'd have to.\nI liked him,  when I went up to ask for a box, the girl acknowledged me right away, even though she was busy.
What a great place in Gastonia. So so many beers to choose from. So just start ordering and drinking. The wait staff was great with their suggestions. Food was very good. Will definitely return.
Saw Zarkana since we were staying at the Aria. We have seen many Cirque shows over the years.  I was concerned because of some reviews I read on yelp.  Overall, I was very happy with the show and theater and it didn't match the negative reviews I read.  Great theater, many good acts that were performed very well, good live music, and a fun experience for our group of 4.  I think since there are so many good cirque shows out there, we start to get hard to impress.  I'd definitely recommend it. Sit back and enjoy the show, no need to try to pick it apart.
I've never like Mercedes Benz before. I always found them so old and stuffy and very conservative. Well, it's obvious since their target audience are older men and women who prefer a smooth drive and luxury to a fast sports car. \n\nI guess beacuse of the clientele, the sales people are more upscale, a little older and much wiser. This weeds out those young pretentious douches that think they're all that because they're selling nice cars. \n\nAll the salespeople are great here. Mind you, it is Markham so the majority of them are Chinese, but there are a few that are of non-Asian decent. The only problem is that  when financing or dealing with any type of accounting info, you must go to the in-house accountant, and there's only one of them. That means if they've already got a customer, your ass has got to wait. \n\nBut everyone is friendly, asking if you have been helped or need anything and what not. Plus, the waiting area is full of good stuff. There's a beverage dispenser that has all different types of coffee, tea or hot chocolate or a combination, including just plain hot water. Coolest thing. \n\nEven the service department doesn't disappoint. Although I may be a bit bias as I do know one of the service guys so he makes sure that the car is spic and span and I have a good rental to drive while it's in the shop. But these are conveniences that should be there regardless of who you know. \n\nI may not like the car Mercedes, but the salespeople and service people at the dealership may just change my mind.
The pizza was pretty good but this review is about the server we had Johntel. I'm not joking when I say Johntel was easily one of the, if not the best server I've ever had in my entire life. He was such a genuine soul who really cared about our experience and Brixx. He was attentive and helpful and made sure we had everything we needed. I was so impressed with him!! I can't say enough good things about my experience at Brixx!
It was late and we found ourselves at the Luxor and looking for a late dinner. The Pyramid Café is open 24 hours and looked appealing with its half circle banquettes and view of the bustling casino.\n\nI ordered a favorite I hadn't had in years, a Monte Cristo ($11.95) sandwich.  It was served with ample amounts of ham, turkey and cheese and cooked to the proper golden brown along with a very nice strawberry preserve.  The sandwich was good, but the French toast could have been better.  \n\nMy wife had the California Turkey Panini topped with cheese, avocado and tomato ($11.95) served on a ciabatta roll.  Tasty enough but not pressed or grilled in any manner.  Huh, what's up with that?  We saw another patron get served the same thing and watched the quizzical look on his face as he lifted the top of the uncooked roll.   \n\nIs the "press" in the kitchen on the fritz or the executive chef doesn't know that most people expect a grilled Panini when that word (we're not in Italy) is used.   Now that I think about it, how can you press a sandwich with tomato and avocado on it?   Maybe they should rename it the warm Pyramid Café turkey sandwich. \n\nNext time I'll go with the all day breakfast.
I have been going to zipps for many years, and overall it's very good. Sure it can be hit or miss on some items, but they consistently have very good wings, especially the honey golden. Tip:  if you like your wings a little crispier then make sure to ask the server that they are order that way, as ometimes they can be a bit undercooked, but they're still always very good. I also like their chicken focaccia sandwich. The onion rings are also wonderful most the time, but sometimes are a little bit limp and need to be sent back to be crisped up a bit. But overall I'm very happy with my experience at zipps, and I will likely continue to visit roughly once a week for the rest of my life.
We went with a party of 4 including my wife (Brazilian) to this place because of good experiences elsewhere (other Fogo's) and raving reviews on here.\n\nFood-wise, its was great, I would give it 4 stars, however our waitress I'll give 2 stars, and here is why:\nUnfortunately we were dealt a very "pushy and present" waitress. For example, we asked for the Mango caipirinha, and she basically talked us out of it, saying it's not very popular, we should instead have the one with Amaretto but my wife said she didnt like Amaretto. So we asked for the original. Next, the waitress comes back with the one with Amaretto, saying "I brought this one anyway, since I know you'll like it, you can not taste the Amaretto, and if you dont like it I'll bring you the other one".\nWell, needless to say, my wife didnt like it, so we had to get her to bring the other one. \n\nThere were many more examples, like asking if a particular person wanted more wine while at the same time starting to pour it. Taking plates and dessert orders while one person was still finishing the meat. And at some point she was even dissing a meat server right behind us after he put the meat directly on the plate.\nThe experience just became such that we tried to avoid at any cost to have the waitress come to our table for any thing.\n\nUnfortunately, the waitress we had overshadowed the quality we think this place had.
Obwohl das Lokal fast leer war, lange Wartezeit aufs Essen. Erstbestelltes wurde nach ca. 30 Minuten abgesagt, da es nichtmehr vorrätig war. Bedienung langsam und lustlos, Fleischqualität unter Durchschnitt, Spätzle aus der Tüte, Souce ohne Würze und Pepp.\nEher als Unterdurchschnittlich zu bewerten
Two years ago I would have given a five star.  The last several months the service has gone downhill.  Called to place to go order; was on hold 11 minutes, a total of 15 minutes to order.  Food delivered (two entries) an hour and eleven minutes later.  I wrote this review as I tried to call to find out where my order is.  THe phone rang and rang and rang finally disconnecting (assuming by phone company) after 3 minutes of ringing.  Sad when good food is overshadowed by mediocre service.
Since I was introduced to this mall, it has easily become among my favorites. Everything is well cared for; the fire pits are so cool in the winter; there are so many places to kick back, relax and enjoy the atmosphere. I'm here atleast 2-3 times a month between going to Harkins and Massage Envy.  There's a balance of stores here; however, only a few places to eat.
I am vegetarian and was skeptical of going to a Korean BBQ restaurant, but there were a lot of good vegetarian options! The service was also excellent.
Another place turning the cheap wing into something expensive. Other than that the food and well drinks were OK and priced as you would find at most local bars. I was disappointed when they told me one of my flavors they were out of but with that many flavors it not hard to find a replacement. 5 levels of heat count as 5 different sauces so they really only have about 20 flavors.
Excellent service.  Drinks were served promptly and the food was delicious.  I expect this to be the next hot spot in Phoenix.  Go there before the crowds figure this gem out.
I have been coming to Ghandi's for almost fifteen years. It is one of my favourite restaurants, if not my favourite. Two or three years ago the chef changed, and the food suffered a little. But I had a chicken roti tonight, and it's back to the perfect combination of sweet\/tangy\/saucy\/thick that makes their rotis so good.\n\nHere, the perfect meal for me is a chicken roti, a side of mango chutney washed down with a mango carrot juice. My ultimate comfort food. \n\nThank-you Ghandi Cuisine! Now accepting Interac!
Love Bellagio Buffet, especially the champagne brunch\nSo much better than any buffet that I have ever been to before
I cant believe its taken me this long to find this place! stumbled upon this sushi restaurant while out doing some errands today and what a hidden treasure! Usually sushi bars have a very boring decor and bland music but this place was playing Trance music.. that is awesome! with beautiful decor to the wall art and the exposed pipes it has a very stylish\/modern feel to it. I almost felt like I was in San Francisco. \nI ordered the seaweed salad. It was a very generous portion but my only gripe was it was completely covered in sesame seeds which i am not a fan but know next time to request them to be left out. The seaweed itself was very fresh and the right amount of dressing was used.\nThen i ordered the Hawaiian roll with soy paper. It had albacore, shrimp, and cucumber inside wrapped in a Cajun albacore and avocado tossed with some ponzu sauce... heaven. Seriously one of the best sushi rolls I have ever had and I consider myself a sushi connoisseur. \nThe popcorn scallops are amazing as well. they're little scallops deep fried and served with a wasabi ranch and honey mustard sauce. \nI had the all you can eat which was only $25 and that even included 2 oysters! Amazing deal especially for the quality. Ive already been 3 times in the past 3 days and Ill probably end up here at least 3-4 times a week. LOVE LOVE LOVE!\n\nOh! and the sushi chefs are awesome. :)
Overpriced and nothing special. The food is bland and there is constantly slow and often rude service. Always leave disappointed.
Made the mistake of choosing to come to Chili's on 11\/04\/2017.\nWasn't too busy, sat in bar. Took server around 5 min to come to us to get drinks.\nfood we ordered didn't take too long, but weren't not impressed. Ordered Santa Fe crispers salad. Salad was ridiculously small for the price of $10 something and the crispy chicken was Horrible.
Ok i sure hope this gets better. Table was dirty, silverware was dirty, napkin was dirty, food served like slop for a pig. Manager was super cool and way sweet and replaced my food and brought me clean silverware. BUT my frigging foods cold as hell and the server was like oh its plenty warm enough. WTF?! love Cracker barrel and i always have but this was unacceptable. I AM TRULY DISGUSTED WITH THIS CRACKER BARREL...
I enjoyed all the variety of selections of RV's to see but we unfortunately got salesman Toby who I did not like at all! I have had a lot of experience with salesmen on my life and he was the worse. No personality. Very to the point of being arrogant, cocky and pretty sure of himself not in a good way! I would go back but never want to deal with him again!
So happy to have Pizza Rock closer to home! Same amazing pizza's! I've tried so many and never had a bad one. My favorites are the Sausage and Stout pizza, the Butcher and the New Yorker. Can't go wrong with the Sam Giacana or Michigan Ave. either!! The spicy calamari is delicious, though I wish they'd go back to the smaller pieces bc sometimes the larger calamari don't get crispy enough. Amazing happy hour specials too!!
It's been three months and they've had disgusting nasty sewage issues. If they can't do basic maintenance, I can't imagine the health department has visited in a while.
STEPH JUDGEMENT: Cool screening space.\n\nCame here for a daytime screening of the New York Hardcore documentary as part of Punk Rock Bowling and it was great. It's large for a private screening space, but on the small side for a regular movie theater. The sound wasn't the greatest, but because it's Vegas, we got to bring in drinks, yay! We had a fine time with other enthusiastic attendees and I hope to see other films here in the future!
The truffle fries are pretty darn delicious; would come again just for those. Burgers were great as well. Service was excellent; Megan was friendly, efficient, and checked in with us just the right amount. Also, it might seem like a small thing, but this place has really wonderful ketchup!\n\nThe atmosphere was fun without being so loud that we couldn't chat. I would enjoy coming in with a large group, but I couldn't really see any tables that could be set up to accommodate that.
This is my number 1 favorite restaurant. Food comes out super fast and the quality is consistent. I have never had a bad experience at Kebab Je... Every time is great! The food is just SO flavorful and the owner clearly takes pride in serving quality food, which is so admirable. I just wish they served alcohol so I could enjoy all their delicious Lebanese food with a nice glass of wine.
We love Red Robin, particularly at this location since it opened.  Now, not so much.  The food has always been great, no complaints there.  Service, though, is definitely on the downside.  While waiting for my hubby to join me, I ordered a drink that was immediately brought to me.  So far, so good.  When he didn't arrive momentarily, I decided to order an appetizer via the new tabletop monitor.  Our waitress passed by me (and the blinking monitor) more than once.  Never did get a chance to order one.  When I saw my husband entering the restaurant, I ordered a drink for him.  We then waited 20 minutes for our waitress to finally take our order.  Then we waited, and waited, and waited for our food.  Finally it arrived.  We were never asked if we needed anything or if we wanted more food.  I asked for a glass of water. Twice.  Never got it.  After being there for 1-1\/2 hours, we asked for the check.  I left my comments on the monitor when I paid the bill but never heard back from Red Robin, so I decided to leave my comments on Yelp.  Hopefully things improve.  If not, then we're back to eating at the Mills.
***Club Review***\n\nMy friends and I got in without having to pay the $20+ cover because we were in town for NAB and our passes got us in for free. That was the one of the few good things of our experience here. The DJ and the music was also pretty good. No complaints there. I'm not even complaining about the $8 I spent on a Newcastle.\n\nI am however complaining about the staff with attitudes that work here. I'm also raising an eyebrow at the staff about our missing items. Here's what went down:\n\nSunday 4\/15\nOn the dancefloor, a random patron taps my friend on the shoulder to ask him if he lost a cell phone. My friend looks at the phone, says it's not his, then witnesses the patron turn the phone in to the DJ. Several moments later, my other friend realizes that his cell phone is missing only to find out that this was the same phone that was found earlier. Both friends go to club security with the info that the phone was given to the DJ only to find out that club security took it to hotel security. Hotel security has no record of it.\n\nTuesday 4\/17\nWhile in line to get in, one of our friends steps away to find hotel security to hopefully get more info on his missing cell phone. When he returns, the club bouncer immediately extracts him from the line. I understand that he was only doing his job and not letting people cut. But rather than telling him to get to the back of the line, he flat out tells him to leave. He wasn't gonna let him into the club! I mean, our friend wasn't even intentionally cheating his way in. I'm sure that the 2 people in line behind us didn't mind that we saved our friend's spot in line but even if they did, we wouldn't try to disrespect them. The bouncer just wanted to throw his power trip around on a tuesday night. After some major ass kissing on my friend's part, the bouncer finally let him go to the back of the line.\n\nOn the dancefloor, another friend realizes that her clutch purse is no longer on her wrist. In a panic, our whole group is searching the entire club for the purse. Club security notifies us that it was found but when they hand it over, her iPhone is missing. One of the guys in our group continued to question club security about the missing iPhone who claims that they haven't found one. But in desperation, our friend says to security "I'll pay you $20 for the iPhone" and security's response was "Wait, what color did you say it was?" WTF??? Why did security suddenly change their story the moment my friend offered a bribe?\n\nI do however have to say that the random patrons that we met at this place has been extremely cool and genuinely concerned with all the bad stuff that kept happening to us throughout the night. We even got invited to hang out in the VIP area for table service by a few different groups. Again, I understand that staff is doing their best to make sure that the tables stay reserved for those who reserve it. So when one of the waitresses told us that we had to leave, I tried to politely explain to her that the people who reserved the table invited us to drink with them. She responded with the biggest attitude: "Don't yell at me!" Um...hello? I wasn't yelling at you. I'm just talking loud because we're in a club and if I don't talk loud then you won't be able to hear me!\n\nThe staff here needs to get over themselves. SMH.
I went here for the first time the other day with my boyfriend. A nice perk is that they open pretty late since we decided we wanted a last-minute late night dessert after dinner on a weekday.\n\nWe went with their Strawberry Cheesecake but couldn't decide if we wanted the Bacio or Nocciola. Luckily, they offer sample tastings of any flavors so we got to try both. It still took us a while to decide because they were both so good but we went with the Nocciola (hazelnut) rather than the Bacio (which tasted like Ferrero Rocher) after the friendly girl behind the counter told us it would pair better with the Strawberry Cheesecake. Boy, was she right. The sweet, fruitiness of the S.C was mellowed out by the hazelnut. Good call.\n\nAtmosphere was very clean, nicely lit and not too crowded on a Tuesday night, but they were obviously busy with business. Place was clean and nice. We sat out on the patio and shared our gelato there. We both enjoyed it a lot and are planning to return again ASAP.
I'm usually just medium on bbq, but I thought Rollin' Smoke was awesome.\nWe split the 5-meat sampler and the meatloaf and everything was really good. But I mostly looooovved the meatloaf! And the fried corn fritter things. Man, those are so good.\nThis was a ton of food. 2 adults and 2 kids ate that night and had leftovers for all of us for another night. \nI can't say much else that other reviewers haven't mentioned.\nIt's worth a trip, whether local or tourist.
A great place for locals.\nAll drinks are $5.00 including premium liquor and for $10.00 you can get johnny Walker Blue Label. That's cheaper than I can get at home. The hostile grape has free wine tasting every friday and a band plays later in the evening. Great deal. They also have an awesome brunch, sushi bar and steak house.
OMFG, one of the best steak and eggs I have so far. The best part about their steak and eggs is that it's 24 hours! You don't have to wait until midnight.
I went to Kopy's late Saturday afternoon, while visiting friends in Pittsburgh.  The guys used to frequent Kopy's when they lived in Southside, so they wanted to stop in for little nostalgic rendezvous.  I was told "this is the only place I can get a Guinness for under $5".  He must have been right because his Guinness and my Sierra Nevada totaled $7.50 - Not bad. \n\nKopy's has a pool table, dart board, juke box and some other weird game.  They have a few high top tables and about 12 bar stools.  It was pretty dead when we were there, but I imagine they might draw more of a crowd at night.\n\nThe only major downside for me about Kopy's was the cigarette smoke.  I am all for hanging at dive bars (when I am with the right crowd), but I hate being in establishments that allow smoking.  So gross.
We ate there yesterday to celebrate my best friend's birthday because this was her favorite restaurant. The antipasto salad was awesome! I ordered Baked Rigatony which is mouth watering, the only downside was the pasta was undercooked so I asked the server to exchange it with a new one. The service was ok, they refilled our water ones so my friend was asking for my water. I think it was a busy night for our server that he forgot to refill our drinks.
I love this store...From purses to jewelry, shoes to housewares there is something for everyone. I always seems to find something in the cosmetics section. The other day is was Alba towelettes and leave in conditioner and then I moved on the kitchenware and snagged a deal on a Calphalon pan. you can always find something sparkly at the jewelry counter at this location. The only reason why I don't give this location 5 stars is because the children's clothing section is seriously lacking.
Worked with Ron here. Quite knowledgeable about different mattresses, and more importantly he LISTENED to our sleep style and offered accordingly rather than just let us lay on everything. Went in "not buying anything" left with a wallet $3000 lighter. Cannot wait to get our new Tempurpedic tomorrow and get back to sleeping good after another mattress store stuck us into a mattress that is far too soft.
This is the second I've ordered take out from this place and this will definitely be the LAST! For starters when I called to make the order the person on the phone wasn't familiar with the menu and didn't even supply me with a total after asking for one. I still gave them the benefit of doubt and went to  pick up the food.  Once I got there I realized that the actual take out area is out of order and that I had to go around to the other side of the restaurant.  I didn't let that bother me since I thought the food would be worth it...I was WRONG! \n\nThe food was horrible for the most part. There was absolutely no flavor, so I had to season it myself!  My order was missing the salad that it advertised and one of the condiment containers had mold growing, YUCK! I won't be returning and I would advise others to stay away also.
Tldr: Solid wing deal on tuesdays, but long wait. Wings are not bad, service is ok. Would come back  from time to time. \n\nIf you're from the Scarborough area, then you would know that on Tuesday's this location is mad packed for the half-price wings deal. The wait for a table is usually hella long, and the wait for your food is about the same. I only come to St. Louis for their wing deal so i'm not too sure about the wait during the other days. \n\nTo get wings for half price, they require you to buy a beverage (beer, pop, etc.). I usually get 1lb of garlic parmesan, and 1lb of something new. The gar par is usually pretty solid, and the meat is relatively juicy. Though for the dry rub options, its not always consistent. My last visit i tried the lemon pepper and the seasoning is not bad, but i thought the meat was tougher to eat. The size of each wing is pretty standard as well. \n\nService here was not bad, though my friends and i usually give them some slack as it's a full house every Tuesday. Is the deal worth waiting 20-30mins for a table, and another 30-40mins for food? I honestly don't know. Some days i think it's worth, some days i don't. I think it's really up to you if you're really craving wings. There are better places to eat wings, but the deal is the reason why i keep coming back. Oh... and also the thick cut fries, and the killer garlic dill sauce. That sauce is definitely imported from Mount Olympus or something cause it's pretty godly.
Hi at j nails is fantastic she was able to accommodate me on a busy Saturday afternoon, and I haven't been anywhere else since. It's a small shop, nothing extremely fancy or frilly, but it is clean, fair priced, and Hi does great work.  I would recommend making an appointment, but walk ins are welcome you'll just have to wait. If you are not doing a gel, colors are limited, but that doesn't bother me because I mainly stick to reds and pinks.
This gym has the most rude and condescending staff I have ever encountered! The ring leader being John M, the sales manager. This guy struts around like a cock in a hen house. He has treated myself and my mother so horribly that I go out of my way to work out at another la fitness. Many of the trainers act like they are too good to be there and are lazy. Asking for help with a machine is never fun. I will not be renewing my membership with la fitness and have made it a personal mission to spread the word of the negative ugliness John has fostered at this location.
I love this place! Everyone here is nice and they care about their clients. I work in a Healthcare profession and have to wash my hands a lot. The gel usually stays on pretty well. However, when it chips, this place Always keeps up their end of the bargain with fixing chips in gel nails within the first 7 days! Ricky recently did my gel nails and my pedicure, he is very professional and polite! I also like that this nail salon uses disposable tub liners for the Pedicure.
This is probably one of the most below average dining experiences I have ever had at a restaurant, even with the 50% off group buy it wasn't worth it.\n\nThe interior COULD be chic  (if you like that old congac and cigar feel) but it was dragged down by:\n-disgusting soiled carpets that are reminiscent of the cheap hotels in Vegas\n-Old cheap "leather" chairs that don't wear like fine leather\n-Children.. many of them... kind of spewing food everywhere and no servers to clean up tables that have LONG left\n-A kind of musty gross..children-leaving things sticky smell.  I don't know how they got the worst of BOTH the you and the old man smell (if either were to remain unbathed)- but yeah..they did it.\n\nThe food:\nwe ordered th lamb, and duck entrees.\nThe lamb was sooooo fatty and the risotto was more of a rice than a real risotto.\nThe duck- there was NO meat on the duck.  it was dry  \nThe grilled veggies it came with were waaay oily and roasted in the oven..but not even well.\n\nService:\nthe servers were nice but just didn't care about their jobs.\nThey brought plates but no cutlery.\n\n\nJust a terrible experience.\
Aweful, just Aweful. The place is way too busy and is very, very disorganized. Expect to wait a good while betweeen the time you order an item and the time you get said item. \n\nFurther, expect to get only approximately half of the items you order, and out of those half maybe half would be exactly as you requested them. For example, i ordered the chicken cutlet, without sauce, instead got the pork cutlet with plenty of sauce drenched on top; ordered the sushi pizza without any toppings, just the rice part without sauce, instead got the the rice with mayo on top; ordered shrimp & vegetable tempura, got shrimp only....you get the idea. \n\nHad to request the tempura 3 times before getting it (incorrectly, as noted above), but at least got some... \n\nThe problem is that they have too many tables, too many patrons, and too many staff that dont know whats going on. Also, you dont have an assigned waiter, its random waiters\/waitresses that walk by and take orders, and other random waiters dropping off food at your table, regardless of it being correct or not. There is no accountability with orders. \n\nI have been to other AYCE sushi places, and yes there has been the occaisional glitch, but the hit rate on ordrers i would estimate at 90-95%, as opposed to this place where its 40-50%.... \n\nAs far as the quality of the food goes i would say just average for most of the stuff, except for the beef dishes and teriaky salmon which were above average. \n\nRegardless, i am banning this place permanently and will not be going back ever again.
Love the atmosphere. Great customer service. Amazing drinks. \n\nFirst time coming here. Every time I go to a BBTea place I always get a Taro Milk Tea with bubbles. Why you may ask. It is because it seems simple but its is also the easiest drink to mess up. If a place cannot make me a good Taro Milk Tea with bubbles, they are out in my books.\n\nLucky for me, they made it beautifully. Not too sweet. Not much ice. (Just like i asked) It was creamy and smooth. Will definitely come back and try their different drinks.
Today was my first time here and loved the concept.  Great service, fresh ingredients - a welcome entry into the healthy lunchtime market.\n\nOnly suggestion is to consider having a spinach only option (currently only has a spinach\/kale mixture).  I'll be back!
WOW! This place is beautiful in the inside and out! Perfect place for brunch. We have yet to try dinner but the portions are great (come hungry)\n\nWe were immediately greeted by the beautiful hostesses, they were so friendly and polite. The assistant manager Diane ensured that we were welcomed and greeted properly! It was VIP service from the get-go! Our server Ryan was extremely quick and efficient. He was very friendly and made us feel right at home. We had a few kids with us and he made sure to get crayons to entertain them and also placed their orders so they were not waiting long. However, the wait for our entrees were not very long either.\n\nThe eggs Benedict was delicious! We split it, to make plenty of room for mimosas, but the prosciutto was so yummy! \n\nI would def recommend this place and also make reservations since it is pretty busy.
Paul, who is the owner, came out to take a look at  our new termite problem and knocked everything out in 90 minutes. This included digging, drilling and filling. He put everything back in place, cleaned everything up and was really cool. \nHe explained answers thoroughly to any questions I had and showed me what the termites looked like and how to identify their tubes outside. He was very genuine, good natured and and expert in in his field. I'll be recommending  him to friends and family.
We showed up at two different locations, at two different times in Phoenix with out a reservation, and both times there was an hour and a half wait to get a table. So, we called and made reservations  for a third visit, and when we showed up, we were informed that our table wouldn't be available for thirty plus minutes. Why bother taking\/making reservations then? I can honestly say that I will pass going here in the future.
Just tried out this new restaurant in my neighborhood and I was pleasantly surprised.\n\nThis restaurant is huge! The decor is modern. There's a huge LED screen behind the bar. A football game was playing. My husband and I chose a booth right across the bar because he wanted to watch the game. Oh well. :)\n\nThey have a great selection of food + sushi rolls.\n\nThe waitress (I forgot her name) came and I must say she was fantastic. She gave us good recommendations on the dishes she thought we would enjoy.  \n\nHere's what we ordered. \n\nAsari miso soup (clam miso), 90% Roll (Spicy soft shell crab, tuna, baked scallops, screaming orgasmic sauce). Lamb lollipop, Green Tea Creme Brûlée with Red Bean Ice Cream\n\nWe loved all dishes! The lamb lollipop was melt in my mouth kind of tender! \n\nI was totally entertained by their creative menu too! Someone must be having too much sake while composing that menu. Imagine the server says,"Here, Taste My Ex-Girlfriend and Something's Wrong".\n\nThe owner sat down with us for a bit and he was such a sweet person! \n\nWinner! Will be back for more. :)
I have stayed here several times. The rooms are clean and nice.  They have multiple pools and hot tubs. There is at least one exercise room with good quality equipment. There are  several gas grills that are very clean. I would definitely recommend this place to friends. \n\nThe only negative is the plumbing. Every time I have stayed here, there was some sort of plumbing issue. I've had leaky faucets, leaky toilet and this time a funky shower.
This is the fitness\/spa center for the Palazzo and Venetian hotels. I didn't use the spa feature, only the fitness center. This is one of the best around. The exercise room has a rock climbing wall which was pretty cool. I didn't see anyone use it. Maybe if I had more time I would have tried. \nTheir machines include treadmills, stairmasters, ellipticals, cycles, recumbents, and speed bikes in one large room with TV's on the machines and also on the walls. There's also a spinning room for bikes as well as a separate treadmill room with rowing machines. \nAs far as machines go, they have the kidney pulley type, band type and standard universal type. There are several training areas and a heavy bag. Plenty of free weights as well. I believe they have personal trainers available. \nI did like, but didn't partake, of the Healthy Feet area where they have you rotate your soles of your feet on this rubber spikes balls. They also will video you while running and find the right running shoe for you.
Dylan is the ABSOLUTE BEST!! He's an awesome trainer, but that's not all he is. Dylan is an amazing person! The  kind of man that you meet for the first time, and walk away feeling like you have known him your life. He's genuine, and caring 100%. I just picked up our Wolf, and our siberian husky (our boys) that have been with Dylan. The goodbye, was emotional, in the sense of the incredible bond he has with " my boys ". You just cant find people like Dylan just anywhere. I would recommend Dylan's services to anyone and everyone who wants an outstanding trainer!!
I'm updating my original review after finally speaking with the management. My original assessment of Jackie semanis unchanged; tremendous. I want to thank the management for accomodating my issue.
Worst window tint ever. Steve damaged my brand new BMW.  It's been 4 months since he did the work and the tint is bubbling.  I checked and he didn't even have a Nevada business license. DO NOT USE THIS BUSINESS!!
Nice place.  Had the fish & chips.  \n\nRegarding Scotch Eggs:  They're not Scottish at all.  They're English.
On Saturday at around 9am, I went to my usual spot that I've been going to for about eight years for my yearly smog check to renew my car registration. I don't know how many times this place has changed owners, but when I arrived this time, there was a "grand opening" as Meineke, and they were not yet set up for smog checks. \n\nJiffy Lube was in the same area, practically sharing a parking lot. From the time that I pulled up to the smog check station until the time my car was ready to go, it had only been about 15-20 minutes.  The staff was extremely friendly. One of the employees even went so far as to direct me across the street to a kiosk in Albertson's to finish up my DMV registration renewal and get my tag immediately. \n\nI was very impressed with the service and the staff. It looks like I've found a new "usual spot" to get my smog checks.
First time here and everything was amazing. What a wonderful little gem we found in this place. Looks like not much out front but it's very charming and original in back. Beautiful patio and food was fabulous. Lunch today but we will be back to try more.  Breakfast looks incredible. Plus, they are Detroit Tiger fans!  Added bonus!!!
Best Sushi in Vegas. Always fresh always crowded. Be ready to wait for table for at least 30 minutes.
Went here for breakfast. I love this place. I do not have one at home. My friend and I each got a breakfast sandwich. They were super fresh as they were too hot to eat for a few minutes.\n\nI also got 2 cookies and I got tea. I love that they have 3 fresh brewed kinds!
Kept very clean.Air-conditioned\nSoft music and good environment!!!\n\nPerfect place for families.\n\nMust have ! :)
This place is right on Shaker Square. I stopped by for a coffee and breakfast wrap because I had about one half hour to kill. The gentlemen who served me was friendly and fast. He was in constant motion cleaning up even when no customers were waiting for service. A good experience except for the old couches which were a bit uncomfortable. Looks like a great gathering place for the locals!
Wow. I've been here before and it was great, but the last couple of visits were not great.  The cheese plate flavors do not blend at all.  It used to be so good. The onion soup had very little flavor, just a sprinkle of cheese, and tasted gelatin like. Half the mussels were closed on the plate and in general it seemed like the chef was doing a lot of shopping at Costcos. I've become acustomed to better from this place. hope to see some change for the better again!
I'm not even sure that they deserve 1 star, but since my food was good I'll be fair. Having worked in customer service for 10 years and currently in sales management, I know a thing or two. One thing I know for certain is that the customer service at this location SUCKS! \n\n-Two of the crew members were having an inappropriate conversation (something about lesbians)\n-The young lady that prepared my order did not greet me, just asked for my order...yes, uh hello to you too!\n-There was absolutely NO ORDER, crew members walking to and from the register with customers waiting and not saying anything. \n-The icing on the cake was when I went up to the counter to ask for lids to put on my bowls. She tosses one on the counter "There's one." She goes to get the second one and I'm holding my hand out at this point because had she tossed that second one...I had to catch myself, you ALWAYS hand the customer what they asked for. \n\nI'll never visit this location again, EVER. I liked coming here because I enjoy eating outside, but I won't spend my money where I can't even get decent service. Today totally turned me off ;(
I wish I had read these reviews before going and wasting my money. \nService bad, untrained\nFood, old, no freshness, and quality far below other hibatchi restaurants. \nManagement- this place is "family" owned, but no "ownership" is present, was told they can't afford to refund an unhappy guest but would give me a $ 20 gift card to come back, to which would lead me to have to spend more money as the menu is over priced. \nGiant eagle has better sushi, and pick up some ramen while your there. Get your business together Benny and train your management.
I consider Jersey Mike's one of the premium sub shops. They are on the higher end of the price scale but their quality is the reason for that. Their fixins and bread are always very fresh and they slice the meats & cheeses to order. The employees are always friendly and chatty. They have a loyalty card that lets you earn free sandwiches. They have a few TV's that always have the games on. Because of the pricing, I don't go here more than once a week because I can probably save $3 at Subway with a daily special. It is a treat that I usually reserve for the weekend but we look forward to it because we like their sandwiches. If I did not get the daily specials at Subway then this would be my workweek place too.
Man, this mall is huge. It has some of my favorite stores, such as Macy's, Levi's, Express, and many more. The food court is cool as well. The layout is a bit weird though. Seeing as it was my first time visiting this mall, the weird escalator layout got me a bit confused when I was trying to reach some stores. Granted, because it's a high-end mall, you get your mix of tourists and white-collar snobs, but nevertheless it's a nice mall.
Love love this place. i will definetly reccomed it to friends and family.\nChef paco did a good job of making everyones tummy happy!\n :) :)
This place is just kind of sad.  It's a place that wants to be a hipster-cool-kid kind of hotel, but ... isn't.  It's not retro -- it's just old.  It's not chic, it's just tasteless.\n\nParking\n=========\nOne of the first things you'll notice about this hotel is that it's on a small lot.  So small that it doesn't actually have a place to pull up in front of the hotel and check in (like many traditional hotels do now).  I'm sure hipsters would call this 'charming'.  I call this 'thoughtless'.\n\nLobby\n=========\nThe lobby is spartan.  It shares an entryway\/hallway with the very popular 'Gallo Blanco' restaurant.   On a busy night, you'll be toting your luggage in or out of the hotel past folks waiting to get into the restaurant.  \n\nRooms\n=========\nMany rooms open directly outside.  Think 'dressed up' Motel-6.  This is not a 4 star hotel by any stretch of the imagination, and simply saying it over and over again (like their website does) doesn't make it so.  Walls are paper thin.  Music plays almost constantly from the pool area.  Our shower didn't work (at all) for us -- we had to call maintenance to come look at it. Our room had a badly pixelated screen cap from the movie 'Tombstone' as 'artwork'.   If you came for a romantic getaway, you picked the wrong motel.\n\nSpa\n=========\nNon existent.  This is false advertising on the part of the hotel -- they advertise as a spa, even though the website clearly states it will be 'opening in may'.  When they do finally open, don't get your hopes up, it looks like they will only be offering a few types of massage, tea, and spray tanning(!?)\n\nRoom service\n=========\nNon existent.  Again, this is apparently a four star hotel.  They will (for a $20\/day fee, of course) provide all the wifi, soda and 'snacks' (think 100-calorie packs) that you would care to ask for from the front desk.  Since I booked through Expedia, this was included in my hotel stay.  Stay classy, Clarendon.\n\nSummary\n=========\nStay away.  There are many other (actual) 4 star hotels in the Phoenix area.
Great selection..but i could buy some of the amino acid blends. Lets say they weigh 1\/4 kilo. I could get a kilo of every amino acid in it (minimum 3 kilos for the 3 essential Amino acids for muscle building.L- Leucine, L-isoleucine, and L valine.  for less money from a trusted source online. \nCreatine? $7 a kilo. Not even your store brands come close to that. Id hate being a salesman there because i dont overprice things and the advice I'd give is to go online. \n\nIm not getting paid for this review. I just study biochemistry and like bodybuilding and hate when people waste their money. \nIf you truly want sources cheaper than any store message me the name of what youre looking for. I may be able to get you it for 150% more, with half the cost including shipping.  I have a kilo of creatine monohydrate ill never finish lol.
OMG the BROWN SUGAR BANANA PANCAKE!!!!  We went there twice on our last vacation to eat the BROWN SUGAR BANANA PANCAKE!!!!  The bananas are sliced in half the long way then laid on top of the pancake while it cooks.  Brown sugar melts on the bottom and forms a crispy crust!!!  There is no need for syrup!!!  MMMMMMMMMM!!!!
While I am no expert on bespoke suits or on tailoring, I was very impressed with Ali, and his work.\n\nAli was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. He clearly took his work very seriously, and was very concerned that I got what I wanted and liked the finished product.\n\nI find that most tailors are mildly arrogant and do not share much of their process or methods with you, unless you spend $$$.  I actually took in a cheap made to measure suit I bought off the Internet, and Ali gave me great feedback on its quality, and there wasn't a hint of condescention that I brought in a cheap suit.  He also let out the chest and stomach for $60.00.\n\nI'm thinking of going back for one of his bespoke suits, once I get a little more money in the bank.
I've been wanted to check out Ethel M Chocolate forever & finally did.  It's in the middle of nowhere about 20 min drive from the Strip to Henderson NV, a neighboring town.\n\nEthel M chocolate is owned & operated by MARS Inc, the people that make M&Ms, Snickers, etc.  So if you like those candy you'll like Ethel M, otherwise just don't go.\n\nFactory tour is really nothing.  Sometimes the workers are there - I think it's M-F 9-2p or so.  But it's nothing really, some guy was working a machine & candy bars were being made by the machine on the assembly line.\n\nAfter reading stuff on the wall, then there's FREE chocolate at the end of the hallway.  Ask for 2 or maybe you can get more samples.  I got peanut brittle & a dark chocolate disk.  Went back to reading stuff on the wall, then someone else was serving so got more samples.\n\nHoliday Candy on sale when I went 12\/27 & 28 - Peppermint Snowflake box $9 sale price; Eggnog\/rum\/champagne truffle $9 sale price.\n\nCactus Garden is lighted up with Christmas Decorations now (starts Mid Nov-Jan 1).  I liked it alot.\n\nGift shop where you can buy Ethel M candy & another store to buy M&M candy & gifts.\n\nBathrooms available.  FREE parking across the street.
In July 2012 I rode in a Yellow-Checker-Star taxi and was told by the driver that this was "the elite fleet" for locals in Las Vegas. Now that I am a local in Las Vegas, I find that this taxi company is not "elite" at all. I would honestly suggest avoiding using YCS Transportation whether you are a local in Las Vegas or a visitor. The reason: You can wait forever a never get a cab after you call. The people who take the calls sound exasperated and helpless.
Located in The Aria Resort Casino this "Boutique Lounge" (Whatever the devil that is) is right next to the Elvis Theater on the second level. The waitresses were friendly )meaning the attitude was not imported from LA. The drinks were generous, this is a good thing because the price was a bit steep. They do offer bottle service, proving P.T. Barnum's axiom about a sucker being born every min. All in all not a bad place to stop in and have a drink or three.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Holy Mac & Cheese Batman.\nBest Mac & Cheese ever. EVER. Just in case you missed that...EVER.\nCame with home made applesauce...crazy yummy...husband had the special omelet of the day - caramelized shallot, Gouda and the house made sausage....in f-ing credible.\nService was awesome...our waiter was hilarious and helpful...prices were a little steep, but we're from DC so it seemed normal for us.\nGo! Get your Mac & cheese on! Now!
great local brewery with lots of youngsters and nice bartenders. food service ends at 11pm!
Steak and eggs for $3.95?  Yes, please!! And no, its not snack size, its a hearty meal they serve!  Only thing is it's from 12am-6am but in Vegas, who really sleeps anyway?  \n\nThe food is not only cheap but it tastes good and definitely leaves you full.  Located in South Point Hotel, its the only restaurant they have that's open 24 hours so it's always got people no matter what time or day.  Wait wasn't long, 20 minutes at the most but the servers can do a little better.  They were either grumpy or forgetful. I'll cut some slack only because it was 3 in the morning and they have to work but at least smile!    \n\nClam chowder was delicious and the burger and fries for $2.95 were just as good!  This is one place I'll definitely be coming back to when I hit Vegas again.
This place has great atmosphere! Their beer selection and food pairing are phenomenal. They are really inventive when it comes to their food items!
I was searching for a Beretta M9A3 (calling about 20 local shops) and it turned out that they had one at S&S.  There was another dealer in North Phoenix who also had one, but was charging $50 over retail "supply and demand".  Alan, the owner of S&S, gave me a great deal on one because he wanted to earn my continued business.  Guess what...2 weeks later, my wife and I purchased 3 more guns from him!  Highly recommend if you're looking for SIG SAUER guns!  He knows the ins and outs of them!
It's ironic that I would luv this brewery because I am not much of a drinker.  I think what I luv about this place is that they find a way to sneak the beer into food so that people who can't drink much but like to eat (like me) can still enjoy being there.  I also enjoy that Four Peaks is one of those laid back bars where the music isn't pounding so loud that you can't have a conversation with the people sitting right next to you.  There's good food, good staff, good service, good prices, and lots of outdoor seating, so this is a great place to go for a nice evening out with anyone.\n\nI'm a foodie, so I want to take a minute to mention how good the food is here.   On my last trip, I ordered the grilled chicken beer bread, which is grilled chicken breast, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, green peppers, red onion, mozzarella and cucumber sauce rolled in beer bread with a side of french fries and had ice cream cake for dessert.  Everything came out promptly and was SO good.  I want to give a special shout-out to the french fries at Four Peaks cuz they are especially tasty.  I also want to mention the stout shake to all you dessert lovers (particularly MALT lovers).  This is an item I usually get at Four Peaks because it is sooo creamy and delicious.  It's basically a malt made with half an oatmeal stout beer topped with whipped cream and Oreo crumbs.  Beer AND ice cream?  Yes please!  \n\nFor an older student in a college town full of younger students, Four Peaks is a breath of fresh air.  It's a place that would not find a home on Mill Ave, and for that, I am SO grateful.
Came in tonight to get our (mother, 2 sisters, & I) hair cut and styled. OMG 5 stars does not even compare to how amazing all 4 of our stylists did. I love my cut & style. They completely get what you ask for and they're all so friendly! It's such a comfortable environment and they're very educated on the latest styles and hair care products. \nI had the great pleasure of having my hair cut by Tommy, who did such an amazing job. \n\nIf you ever have the chance to come here and have any services in the salon, and of these wonderful people will do an amazing job.\n\nTommy\nLo\nJessica\nJaque\n**all amazing
They always have delicious food! I only wish that the portions were a little larger. The green beans are my favorite they are always fresh and so crunch its like a french fry but better. I would go all the time but my boyfriend complains he never gets full and always pays a lot of money. Its a great place for lunch with a girlfriend or a special event.
Dr. Moore and Dr. Beaver were recommended to me by a friend when I was looking for an Optometrist in the Charlotte area. I called to schedule an appointment and they were able to get me in the next day! :) Just a heads up, if you aren't familiar with the area finding the office may be a tad confusing but park in the Bank of America parking garage. Your parking will be validated. The office was very clean and the staff professional, helpful, and nice. I loved Dr. Beaver. She's very thorough, sweet, and is great with explanations and speaking with you regarding your concerns. The opticians are great as well. I highly recommend them for anyone who's looking for an exam or glasses.
Great Service !  This review is not at this location.  The Trutech  employee Jeff was wonderful and patient.  I had a squirrel problem in attic.  He quickly was  able to find the entry point.  And was able to seal the opening during the appointment.  Jeff was able to take pictures before and after.  He was so neat and organized.  The price was reasonable.  \n\nI would give a 10 ********** star.  You can reach Jeff at 704 213-6411
This place is absolutely amazing! It brings that uptown local Phoenix restaurant feel to the west side. This is a very much needed addition to the west. We had the elote with El pastor added and the best elote I've ever had. aquachiles, most of the tacos offered, salsa sampler, chipotle bacon guacamole, and churro sandwich and all of it was amazing. I would recommend this to anyone in a 20 mike radius to come try this restaurant. Especially now before spring training starts and it's too packed to get it. The atmosphere is comfortable and authentic just like their food. Staff and owner are super attentive and polite.
Wahrscheinlich eins der größten Buffets in Vegas, geschmacklich meines Erachtens nach eher Durchschnitt und dennoch sollte für jeden etwas dabei sein.\n\n\n Gerade nach einem langen Messetag kann man hier nochmal die Reserven auffüllen. Zu Stoßzeiten sollte man etwas Geduld am Eingang mitbringen oder bei Gruppen schonmal jemanden vorschicken.
Ordered a salad and wings, way more expensive that it should be. Service took ever for refill, and the place wasn't even that busy. Looking at the prices on the entire menu, everything is priced an average of a dollar more than expected.
I'm currently in possession of my first set of acrylic nails, and whilst this does make it a lot harder to type than before, I have to review this new nail salon so that more people can go.\n\nAlthough I've never gone for full-n acrylics before for fear of looking like a wannabe WAG, I've had my nails manicured enough to be able to tell a rubbish place from a good one. And USA Nailz definitely falls into the latter category.\n\nTheir prices are really reasonable; I paid £25 for a full set (including all the pre-tratments and exfoliation etc) but the high quality of the finish isn't reflected in how little they charge. For example, they use Jessica nail polishes along with any upmarket salon in Edinburgh, and I was offered a tea or coffee several times during my hour-long treatment.\n\nAnd may I also just say that I've never had so much banter with anyone performing any sort of beautifying ritual on me before! Although my nail technician was very much a quiet type, my friend's couldn't have been more different. My friend and I were giggling so much that I felt sorry for my guy trying to concentrate on what he was doing as I was fidgeting around so much.\n\nThey've only just opened, so I don't know if their low prices will hang around. But at the moment they're really good value for money: even if you don't want acrylics, to get your own nails varnished and manicured is only £21, and if you just want them painted nicely before a special occasion without any of the treatments it will ony cost you £3. Bargain.
Oh Pizza Pizza, you have lost my delivery business for sure and most likely my walk-in business as well.\n\nI really don't even like Pizza Pizza's pizza but sometimes it's just convenient. Especially late at night. Especially when you are in the middle of painting and it's pouring rain and you just can't be bothered to go out. That's when I call for delivery.\n\nI placed my order and was told that there was no time promise and it would be there when it was ready. Ok. That's fine. I had a few more walls to get through anyhow. I'm hungry but I'm not going anywhere. I asked them to call and let me know when they were on their way so I could go downstairs and let them in - no buzzer. The guy on the phone said that he would note that on the order.\n\nSo away I'm working and my stomach is growling something fierce. I check the clock to see that it's been an hour since I placed my order so I call to see what's up. \n\nI give the guy on the phone my number and he double checks it then informs me that there is no order with that number. WTF?!?!? He offers to replace the order. Ummmm, no. I told him that I'd already waited an hour and I would just go to Wendy's so to forget it. Grrrrrrrrrr. At that point I was already ticked.\n\nAbout 20-minutes later there is a knock at my door. It's the driver with my order. Apparently the original phone guy input the wrong phone number. So the driver is expecting me to pay him. I asked if that was the same pizza that I'd ordered over an hour before and he said yes. I told him I wasn't paying $25 for cold pizza, sorry. He said ok and left. \n\nNot that I was expecting it for free but really?! A gesture could have been offering it to me for half if not complementary for their screw up. At least that would have ensured me giving them another shot and feeling good that they cared to make the mistake right. But no. Nothing. So I guess the guys back at the shop got to eat my spinach, tomato, mushroom, and onion pizza. Or maybe it went in the trash. Either way, a total waste of my time and their product. Fail.
Live in the neighborhood and visit various yogurt shops almost weekly... don't judge us!  GREAT first impression! Walked in and was kindly greeted by the manager who immediately offered us some delicious samples. We started browsing the yogurts and immediately impressed with the selections. One showcase element they have that I haven't seen anywhere else is providing a flavor description for when you combine the two at each machine. WHY haven't I seen this anywhere else?!? Ingenious but so simple! He then came around the corner offering MORE samples! Can you tell I have a sweet tooth? One of the machines splashed out a bit when trying to sample a flavor so I immediately went to wash off my hand. Bathroom was clean and smelled that way! Yes it's a new place so the wear and tear will take a few years but nice to see such a minor detail like the bathroom nice and clean. He inquired a little about us but wasn't pushy and as a manager myself I was thoroughly impressed. Well done Yogurtini, you just gained a loyal customer. They also do the phone based rewards where you earn free yogurt. Obviously I like this feature since I frequent shops like this!
We visited on a Saturday night around 7:30 and had no trouble finding a table in one of the free seating areas. Upon entering, we noticed multiple pinball machines and games, including shuffleboard, bowling, and other video games. Definitely a plus for me!\n\nWe took a table upstairs, and I found the environment to be fantastic: There was music that was not too loud and I could hear my friends speak, and our server was friendly and helpful. We ordered a punch bowl as well as nachos to share and I had the farmer's salad with ahi tuna. This review will be a bit redundant if I list my reaction to everything, so I'll sum it up by saying that everything we ate and drank was delicious. While the vegetarian options weren't ample, they were there, and I was easily able to find several items I was interested in.\n\nHonestly, I couldn't have asked for a better night; this restaurant is fantastic!
Always on the look out for BBQ wherever we go. Saw these folks on tv this morning so here we are. Got the sliced beef po boy, with corn bread and sweet tea. This place is a cool little joint, seems like it would be a great place to come eat and watch the tv. Bbq is cooked well, black pepper crust, and sweet corn bread was amazing. Tea was good, and my whole family enjoyed it. Good place to eat and prices reasonable.
NOT WORTH THE EXPENSE!\n\nTamara C was our waitress, she took a very long time to get to our table to take our order. We had 2 other waitresses help us and ask If we needed anything before she ever got there.\n\nI ordered the 2 egg basic breakfast with turkey sausage which end really chicken sausage but the waitress didn't even tell me that. I asked for it to be well done, well...... the sausage came out not well done and the eggs were very wet still and were not fully cooked. When the waitress came back to the table I asked if she could please take it back and have it cooked well done. Her answer was well I told them to make it well done and then she rolled her eyes and took off to get some plates to transfer my undercooked, underwhelming food back. She should have never rolled her eyes, this was extremely unprofessional and she should have just said no problem let me have that fixed for you.\n\nWhen I was a waitress we never made it the customers fault although sometimes it could have been. We never put blame on our cooks or anything of the sort. We just pleasantly said let me have that corrected for you!\n\nSo the moral of the Story is she gas overwhelmed by how many tables she had which was very obvious, and she should choose a new line of work since she is not cut out for that one.\n\nI will never be back and that was not worth $40 without the tip. Oh and did I mention after all that crappy service my boyfriend decided she should still get a tip even though I complained about giving her one.\n\nGood Luck!\n\nOh I called the manager to let him know what had happened with the waitress. He thanked me and said he would address it with her.
A belated review from about a year or so ago - but they were so awesome and a lifesaver, I'm embarrassed I didn't leave a review immediately! I had issues w\/my car ignition that required a not minor part replacement and installation - and after a search, King Key seemed to be the only choice for the job. The owner was incredibly personable and just plain nice, and even though he was a "one man outfit" from what I remember (and extremely in-demand!), he was super quick! Cannot recommend them enough - friendly, knowledgeable, and reasonably priced, so nice to be able to say good things and support local small business!
Las Vegas Hyundai has so many great people working there. I take my Santa Fe there to get serviced and they always do a great job! I purchased a Hyundai Sonata for the first time in the 11 years I've been a Hyundai owner. BEST experience I've ever had from talking to Wes on the phone to get the numbers right, to Rodney finalizing the paperwork, to the final step with Stacy in Finance! Stacy was very helpful and patient with us! She is truly great people! I have to give a shout out to Boot who was the first sales person who took the time to listen to my situation and answered my questions and guaranteed we could come up with a deal! I'll be back!! Thank you to the wonderful team you have there!
Came here with some friends and I must say the food is over-priced.   Now...the food was good but nothing to write home about.
Jacob was very nice and professional. He came right out and helped us with changing all of our locks right after we bought our new home. He also helped us with our garage, diagnosed issues promptly and installed new clickers for us. He was even willing to come back a second day and help us since we needed him to pick up parts for our doors and install. We highly recommend this business! He also threw in a pad lock for free and helped get us into our home when we got locked out a few years ago. Good business, Thank you Jacob!
I have a high standard for Chinese food, so most places don't get the coveted 5 star rating.  Peking Garden was a weird case for me though.\n\nThis place is EXTREMELY hit or miss, more so then I ever seen a restaurant be... The first time I went here with coworkers, the food was hot, came quick, and tasted terrific. At the time, I would have ALMOST gave it a 5 star rating. I was glad I didn't though. I went back a second time and the food came out cold, there was a long wait, and it didn't taste nearly as good. I went back a third time, and this time the food was just average tasting.  My entree was great but the soup and egg roll tasted weird.. The service was also bad this trip. \n\nThe 4th time I went back though was what ultimately makes the place deserve the 2 star rating, as not only was the service terrible, but our food took almost 45 minutes to come out and there were only three tables filled in the restaurant.\n \nThe worst part was that me and my girlfriend got food sickness from it... It was not fun especially since we both had to work later that day.  We are pretty sure it was from the egg drop soup.  It had large chunks of either oil or raw egg in it, and we were sick for nearly two weeks with stomach cramps.  \n\nSomewhat trivial but the day was only made worse as the waitress made pricing errors on my bill, of which I had to argue with her that egg rolls came with the lunch special and were not supposed to be an extra charge... \n\nAt this point, other then the first time I went there, the food has been pretty sub-par, and food comes out cold way too often... Service can also go from great to absolutely terrible depending on who is working that day. I wanted to really like this place since it is close to my work, and the food is priced right ($6-7 for a big plate), but unfortunately, bad service, long wait times, and food that frequently goes from tasting good to absolutely terribly has me moving on. Eater's beware, maybe you'll get a good meal, but you may get a terrible one too....
Went in just now and got a white chocolate mocha and a cascara latte with a slow roasted ham and Swiss sandwich. It was great, they nice and friendly. The worker suggested to add a pump of white chocolate mocha to the cascara latte and it's amazing! Thanks
Honestly the best burger I've ever had. Mac and cheese burger. Comes with four different types of fries. Ask for a side of ranch for the fries. Creamy and garlicky. YUM! A must go when in vegas. Aside from the food the atmosphere was great and the staff was very friendly. Oh and love the skull napkins. Had to buy a pair to take home.
It goes Down at the Self Serve Area!  This place Turned me into a wine drinker! I love the HayMaker!  Don't even get me started on the bruschetta, that's to die for! Great spot for a first date, I taken many here!
Great food with a friendly chef and lots of personality! had an americano and chai latte with kimchi pulled pork
The price for what you get is 5 stars, honestly burger rehab we should have waited the one our wait and not walked the distance in the 100+ degree weather! It'll happen though after a few margaritas and guacamole.
One of my favorite places.\n\nI am Asian, so I have high standards when it comes to eating Asian food.\nThis places makes authentic dishes.\nEverything is hand made, even their wontons. I always leave satisfied and full.\n\nDon't be fooled by its looks. This place really gives top notch Chinese food a run for its money \n\nThey even have quite decent prices!
One of the top 10 sports bars in Phoenix,  and the food is great. Good place to go to catch a sporting event, enough tvs to please any sports fanatic. The food is top notch. Have had one of everything on the menu over the years and have yet to get a bad meal. \n\nThe beers come in a gigantic, iced mug. \n\nBe ready to wait for a seat if it's footbal season, place can get very crowded.
Tried the Great Dane on a whim, was not disappointed. They've got a nice selection of beers (which, if I understand correctly, are all brewed in-house) and I had the Stout. Good beer. \n\nHad the brat & pretzel burger with fries. Enjoyed said burger greatly.\n\nService was good, attentive without being overbearing. Only thing that was unusual (to me) is they wanted a credit card up front to run a tab for a beer and sandwich. Not sure if that's a regular thing for this area or not, so it's not factored into my review, just mentioned.\n\nNice ambiance.\n\nWill be back.
When we arrived at the Hard Rock hotel, the check in process was ok, despite the fact that a room was not ready. The lady told us to stand in another line to pick up keys. We stood in that line after she told us that we had to wait til a room is ready. We had waited 2-3 hrs smh. I had requested a high floor facing strip and pool. We were facing the pool but on the sixth floor which trees blocked most of the view. They tried to charge me for items in the mini bar that I didn't even touch or open. There were only two wash cloths in the bathroom, I'm not using the same cloth to wash my ass and face, and it's two of us. The television service was horrible, TV kept pixelating and skipping. I just watched TV on my iPad. I will not stay here again!! But the bed was very comfortable. Lol.....and this hotel is NOT on the strip. You have to walk 3-4 long blocks
Excellent all around, from the estimate to the completion of the work. The painters were on time, polite, neat and meticulous! Will use again!
This place is my wife's favorite romantic restaurant. Last night they were as usual fantastic. They are pros and the food made me want to return today. They like what they do and it shows.
Whatever you want they have it.  All of the asian food that you can think of.  Fresh sushi, and mongolian bbq too if you are in the mood.  On the weekends they also have crab legs.  This place is well worth the price and wait (if there is one).
Hawker Bar just opened its second floor which means more room for gluttony. I went with a group of 5 (including myself) and while the place is small we were seated quickly and were not tight on space. \n\nChar Siu Ribs were to die for. We didn't end up finishing it so we got it packed. The next day my boyfriend at the left overs and screamed with excitement through his mouthful of pork in disbelief that there should be any leftovers of such a divine delicious dish (Triple D as we call it). \n\nI enjoyed the Laksa there while my Singaporean comrades were quick to point out that it was not authentic (likely chiming in from reviews we read from many netizens before hand) I absolutely loved it!!! The only down side was that I had ordered the shirmp but my  order got mixed up and got the chicken instead. I confirmed whether is was shrimp and was told yes until I bit into a chicken piece. Not to worry, I didn't mind. \n\nI also got the vegetarian renDANG curry which I devoured faster than I could say dang. Definitely my favorite and yes I ordered 2 mains. I mean why the hell not - it is tapa style right? I guess 2 mains wouldn't really mean tapa would it?\n\nOkay lets talk tapas - I ordered the Brussels sprouts and before you ! with your face it was to die for. I mean, how can Brussels sprouts be this delicious; I just can't even imagine what wondrous goodies it is cooked in. We also got the cucumber salad which was finely sliced. The presentation made me not want to disturb how beautifully each layer of cucumber was stacked but alas I gave in and chowed down. Chilli Salt Tofu was also a favourite. I couldn't get over how simple these dishes were in theory yet the blast of flavour made me giddy with excitement.\n\nThe staff is wickedly friendly, the place is dim lit and there is a lot of chitter chatter between patrons which I loved. Great place for date night as its not too serious yet strangely has great potential for romance which one would not expect to find at a 'bar'. \n\nBRB as I make my way there now. This post made me miss the food!!!
I used to live in the area but came back for work recently and decided to find some chow that wasn't bar food. I remember this being a Hoggy's BBQ joint a few years ago, so when you walk in, the place looks huge. Fortunately they've classed it up quite a bit and it feels like a nice modern restaurant.\n\nFor the food, I ordered the Duck confit mac and cheese and my coworker ordered the Cuban sandwich. The Duck confit M&C was phenomenal. I really like how this restaurant takes homestyle cooking to the next level and adds some flare to it. The M&C comes with a well put-together side salad with fresh mixed greens. My coworker's testament to the Cuban was that it was an above average Cuban with a really good artisan mustard on it. The chips on the side were fairly average (lack of flare), but then again, they're chips.\n\nI also can't resist Creme Brulee when I find it on a menu (I'm kind of a CB snob). While Oak Barrel's flavor wasn't anything imaginative, they made it well, the consistency was perfect, and compared to other restaurants, they give you a boatload of it. \n\nOverall, this place really improves the dining quality in the area and is pretty modestly priced for how good the food is.
I love how all the Indians are negatively rating this place. Yes the owner is a little grumpy, most times it's a generation gap. Think of him as that grumpy uncle each family has.. This food is close to home. Warm, fresh and a lot of flavor. Samosas are the best in South Phx at least. Really fresh and yummy chole Batura.
OK so your a noodle place...I did not see one sign of making the noodles or do they.? Had chicken lo mein but did not see the chicken I asked and was told its there.....Oh really   sure it is... And that and a  million dollars and you will win the Lotto.As I tasted the bowl of noodles there was a strong vinegar taste . Not sure if I have ever had Lo mein that had a Vinegar taste  still trying to figure that one out.\n            Maybe pickles got dropped in the noodles?As you can see not many people for lunch but, there was a long line next door at Zaxbys?The King of fast food HUH?
My favorite restaurant in Charlotte! The epic tuna burrito has truly changed my life. I take every person that visits from out of town here to try it. They have a lovely patio that they can close when its cold. The Bloody Marys are some of the best I have ever had. They change up the taco specials daily and the taco shells are amazing! I love that you can choose a specialty taco and substitute any meat, for example if it comes with tofu and you want chicken they will do that for you. I could ramble for days about how much I love this place and I wish I could give them more than 5 stars!
eh... i'm not such a huge fan of this place. in truth, the only reason i ever go here is because i'm on the guest list and this is where everyone wants to go. i really can't understand why anyone likes this place?!?! \n\nthe decor is cool, but the layout of this place is awkward to say the least. there isn't a single place in the entire club where you don't feel like you're being pushed into someone. the hallways are narrow with the whole club being really dimly lit. the dance floor is way too small and overly crowded. the music is ok, but nothing to jump up and down for. the outside smoking area is long and narrow but also really crowded. \n\n#1 reason not to go here:\nthe last time i was there i kept bumping into kevin fenderline. booooo!!
They had some OK clothes here and a few bargains, but terrible customer service.  Someone totally cut me in line and the cashier didn't do a thing about it.  I walked out without making a purchase.
This place is the most unwelcoming salon I have ever been to! Walked in to get a quote for a hair dye and stood at the door for 5 mins and no one even bothered to ask if they could help me out of the 4 hairdressers that were there I made eye contact with at least 2 of them and one additional hairdresser walked in after I did and directly attended her friends. Can't believe it! What kind of service do they offer when they don't even greet you when you come in. Do not go here if you're looking for good costumer service. This is obviously not the place to go.
I love this place. Today, I had lunch with a friend and were very happy! We shared the Trio appetizer and were very satisfied. The guacamole was Awesome, the salsa was spicy and very flavorful, and the chipole dip was divine. My friend had the Shrimp salad with rasberry vinagirette. She said the shrimp was flavorful and cooked to perfection. The mixture of sweet and tangy is a tasty combination. I had the Caballero Chicken salad with spicy chipole ranch. I love this salad because it's fresh, crisp, and so good. The chicken is charcol broiled and melts in your mouth.\n\nIt's the perfect place for lunch with a friend.\n\nThe service is friendly and quick.
I've lived downtown for 15 years and this is my go to place for Chinese. The food is always hot,tasty and you can't beat the price compared to some of the other places downtown. I always get the orange chicken and shrimp fried rice but the appetizer part of the menu is perfect for small get togethers like a game of thrones night.
I am giving three stars because the place seems a bit run down. I only rented a uhaul truck from here so I don't know the storage situation. In walking to the truck, the people using the storage seemed quite shady.\n\nThe manager was nice and got me the truck i needed and the return was seamless. They didn't try and fabricate any additional charges.
We were just looking for coffee other than starbucks and this place came up on Yelp.  We almost drove by it because it was in the heart of, what seemed to be the ghettos.  Luckily we turned around and decided to go Im so glad we did!  What a gem!  \n\nCole greeted us and provided us with a weatlth of info.  Not only was the coffee amazing but the food selection lookes good too!  Qe just came from breakfast so we didnt eat but tje food was JUST coming out of the kitchen and I almost ate again!  I did have an amazinh chocolate chip cookie though.
lovely restaurant , im in this hotel.( paris) i are here last night and i having lunch today. and the girls are really nice
Arlo Guthrie, Henry Rollins, Toots and the Maytals are just a few of the bands on the line up this month. It's a great place to see a band, and they have good beers on tap too.
Love our BMW - It is kind of amazing that none of the sales staff here has ever responded to us. It is weird, Have requested they call and let us know when they get in a used car that matches our description.  I stop in anyway as I only buy a used one and seeing it in person is important to me. They might by chance have what I like sitting in their lot.  Is it the blonde hair??? \n\nWe bought a new used car at BMW in Long Beach. Wanted to buy it in our neighborhood but couldn't seem to get anyone interested in helping:(
Just Horrible!\nHosted 2 friends for breakfast.\nRude staff, low quality food.\nTotal regret!
Definitely my favorite TeX Mex place.  I've been coming to Rosa's for many years and I haven't had any bad experiences. Rosa's was always one of the restaurants on my "visiting home from college" list. \n\nFirst: Decor\nThe place looks nice but tiles are EVERYWHERE.  And yes they're pretty and colorful, but sometimes it can be a little hard to keep your balance when walking to the bathroom and your chair will not stop rocking.  The cheap paintings and plants are OK, definitely better now than ten years ago.  Overall not great, but WAAYYY better than El Charro.\n\nSecond:  Service\nThe service can be hit or miss.  Some days it seems like they have enough servers and things are done in a timely manner, but some days the whole place is just off.  Like it will take forever to get drinks, and then an eternity to get food, and then you get sick and tired of waiting to pay the server so you end up taking your bill to the front counter and have whoever is up there ring you up.  But those days are few and far between, and most of the time the people are nice and quick.\n\nThird:  Food\nAs I mentioned I've been a regular for quite some time, and so I've tried everything on their menu and not one complaint.  My usual is the shrimp tacos, but I also enjoy anything beef especially the nachos.  The only down side is probably their salsa, its a bit too watery and not spicy enough but I ask for habanero sauce and that definitely punches up the spice.  And while I enjoy the taste and texture of the food as I eat it, I also greatly appreciate the fact that it doesn't "mess me up" later in the evening.  Most other Mexican food I have usually results in me re-enacting a traumatizing scene from Dumb and Dumber, but Rosa's doesn't.  All in all, the food is good.\n\nIn summary, Rosa's is and will always be my standard for TeX Mex.
If you are a denizen of Henderson, this is the perfect spot to come to after a long night out.  My friends and I retreated to this eatery after a night of performing and talking all night in a bar\/casino.  The food was ample, affordable and yummy.  The staff are sweet and responsive, but not overly in your face.  The menu is fairly straight forward (this is chain after all) and there's decent parking out front.
I love this place. I have been using this alteration shop for over 10 years. The lady is very nice and her measurements are always spot on.\n\nI'm short so I need a lot of my clothes shortened and taken in. The prices are very reasonable and the turn around time is quick.
Eaten here before. Was good. But today I ordered the frittata with egg white and they said they couldn't do it they are pre done. what? Just left no more to say.
Honestly, I've been to four different beauticians for a Brazilian at this location. One girl only broke the the hair off so I was left with hard scratchy spots everywhere and she didn't tweeze after. I hope it was one of her first times. Jackie is by far the best. If you're a bit weary about waxing and it's your first time, I highly recommend her. Even if you've been waxing for a while now I'd still recommend her. She pulls the strips off in one motion, and then puts pressure on the spot she just waxed to alleviate the pain. She gets almost all of the hair so she usually won't have to put another strip on a spot she already waxed. She also does a great job tweezing what's left so you're completely bare and happy with the work. She doesn't skimp out on her job. I'd highly recommend the ingrown hair serum as well. It works wonders.
Can I just say that the decor in this place is AMAZING?! It's absolutely so cute and very aesthetically pleasing!! We came at ~5ish on a Sunday, so it wasn't crowded and the servers were very attentive. \n\nWe got the Kee mao and panang curry, both level 3 in spiciness. They gave us some hot sauce and crushed chili in bottles on the side because they didn't have any hot chili oil. \n\nThe panang came with a side of rice and had lots of vegetables in it. The kee mao also had lots of veggies. We wished there were more noodles in the dish, but it was still pretty good.\n\nI feel like the place is kind of pricey for the amount of food you get, especially in comparison to places like noodlehead. It was still pretty good and I enjoyed my experience here.
This is an outstanding Lagree Studio, and I've been to some of the best in the country. I would rate HSM|Core as one of them, Arthur and his entire staff understand this machine and have brilliantly written routines. My heart-rate was constantly high, I was dripping sweat, and was shaking like a Mac Truck on an unpaved road!\nI took class from Francie, Kristi, and Dayron and really enjoyed each one - I mean, when I say enjoyed more like I could barely walk at the end but it truly challenged me mind+body, just the kind of workout that leaves you wanting more.\n\nI WISH I lived in NC, I would consider moving here JUST to take class here as I can guarantee they will be changing your body in no time. Go here, now.
The worst huevos rancheros I've ever tried to eat. Two diners near me sent their lunches back, both for being cold.I just ate a little of the rice and beans and walked out. No salsa, generic hot sauce in a squeeze bottle, a dollar if you want some chips with it. I was tempted but for the fly under the saran wrap of the next bowl in line.\n\nI've seen reviews in favor and one said it can go either way. I must have hit a bad day, too bad for me to return anytime soon.
For golf, an amazing place. This place is the flagship of the company and it shows. Everything was efficient and top of the line. \n\nMy beautiful wife is a great golfer. I suck. But I love my wife and she loves golf, so......\n\n\nWe came for 30.minutes. My wife has been many times. This was my first. I was impressed with everything except the heat, but I realize this is part of the desert. \n\nWe did not have food, but the offers seemed great. It was great and interesting even for me who was just watching. \n\nI will be going when I wife wants to go again when we are back in Scottsdale.
Everyone is friendly there.  Teachers remember your name. If you are a first timer bring frozen water.
Tallyho! Time to tag Tacos Huicho to Thursday's tasty tantalizing taco trek, they're the tops; they'll tickle those tonsils.\n\nI've had my fill of standing in hour long lines at Central Phoenix's other late night taco stand just a few miles away on camelback, which sent me in search of something just as good, but not such a burden on your patience. I've visited Tacos Huicho for lunch, I've been here for dinner and yep, also late night. While not quite as late night as the spot open until 2am, they're happy to serve until midnight on the weekends, which is plenty late enough for me the few times I've been craving a taco past 10pm.\n\nThey've got tacos at 1.50 per, and in my opinion, well worth the price. They're not a full service restaurant, so don't come in expecting table service. During their day time business hours, you can find them cooking inside behind the counter, but visit in the evenings on the weekends and you'll find them cooking outside on their cooktop grill. Maybe its easier on the ventilation, maybe it's easier than having the 10 minute long line of people waiting inside, maybe it's because their outdoor grill can cook more food than their indoor grill. Whatever the reason, they're doing something right.\n\nA little known secret to their success, I think, is their uber delicious hot salsa. Every order of food from their grill comes with a serving of it and it burns so good. Not in a "I can't even taste the salsa this is so hot", but in a "I tasted this awesome sauce, and a few moments later, I can really feel the burn" kind of way. Get some, you won't be sorry you did, unless you don't like spicy food, then I would suggest you avoid it.\n\nI'll be back for sure, the only real question is just how long can I go without making a stop back in?\n\nHappy Yelping Phoenix, eat more tacos!
Went to this place for a dinner presentation. Slowest service I've ever encountered for such an event (and I've been to many). Salads arrived about 45 minutes after the program started, and it was almost two hours before the first dinner plate hit the table. When I contacted the manager this was explained away by saying that the presenter requested a 20-minute lag between ordering and preparation (there is a bit of a difference between 20 minutes and almost two hours). Went to another presentation about a week later at another place and we were done with everything (including dessert) in 15 minutes less than it took GB to just bring us our entrees. I can't say how good the food was, because I had to choke mine down in order to get home by 10 PM (from a presentation that began at 6:30). Color me unimpressed.
I just moved from New York, i was on the way home from my sons appointment we came across this small sushi place! I was a little nervous as i didn't research this place before, I'm glad i chose to came in!! service was great as well as the food i will be coming back
Dre and Eliot cane and moved my mom so quick! They were kind, respectful, and patient! I would definitely recommend !
Best barber shop in Southern Nevada, hands down. It's all about their attention to detail.  Ste_bie is excellent, but all the barbers deliver on the super sharp looking haircuts and shaves. A+ in my book!
I don't have a dog.\n\nBut my parents do and I was dog sitting for them. So I brought their Chocolate Dobbie here. Walked him since I live close. The area is quite large. \n\nThere is a small dogs area for the little guys on the west side of the park. Fenced off. \n\nThen there is a larger area for the big dogs. \nNo park police here, dog parks are kinda funny I kept thinking of a Portlandia episode while I was here. But everyone was pleasant and my dog ran and had a blast. \n\nThey have benches, water fountains for humans and dogs in each area. \n\nGreat place!
Pros:\nExcellent Pho\nExcellent pancakes\nVery good Spring (not the fried kind) roll\nService\nMenu selection\n\nCon:\nNot very attractive outside\n\nWe were looking for a place to eat as we passed through Charlotte and read the reviews of this place and were in the mood of Vietnamese food.  This place is a bit out of the way and does not look very impressive from the outside, but we were impressed with what they serve.\n\nThe service is very attentive and efficient.  The first wow is the selection on the menu.  It took a while just to read through them and the selection is overwhelming.  Many of the items we've not seen before.  The Pho (I had the first item in the Pho section) is very good.  The broth is excellent and it didn't leave that MSG aftertaste so I know it was the real good stuff.  The pancake is crispy and tasty.  The spring roll (get the one that is cold and wrapped in rice cake skin, not the fried one) was pretty good.  \n\nThe price was reasonable.\nA very enjoyable meal.  I'm not Vietnamese, but I've had my share of Vietnamese food, especially Pho.  This was one of the best.  I can't vouch for authenticity, but regardless, I enjoyed it.
I can't agree more with Dan. People who work in this affordable Microbrewery (that's probably the hardest word to say for a French-speaking person - I pronounce it brewewy)  are friendly and know their beers! I went yesterday, and after seeing me hesitating for 5 minutes, the waitress brought us 3 sample of different beers she recommended based on our tastes. To make it even better, she was pretty. I ended up with a Rigor Mortis Triple (Rigor Mortis Triple), a rich, sweet and floral brew. Deliciousness.\n\nGod it was good when we could smoke inside.\n\nThey also have Quebec cheeses and munchies (such as nachos and things). You can even rent the apartment upstairs if you want to make sure you get back home or that you make the most of the daily changes in the menu: http:\/\/www.dieuduciel.com\/en\/lodging.php \n\nThe only downer: it gets REALLY loud. Just don't go there for a business meeting, at 7pm on a Thursday... like I did 4 weeks ago.
This place wasnt all that great. I heard good things but was extremely disappointed.  I went on a day where they didnt have a band or dj. It says the happiest place on earth on the front entrance ...i walk in and everyone seems depressed.  there wasnt that many people here but yet the bar was full.  (its pretty small bar) . So i just grabbed a wobbly table and sat there. I asked the bartender what they had on draft and he said "nothin"... hmm...thats rare. so then i asked for a coors and he said "try again" hahaha.  alright i'll take a rolling rock i guess.  "good guess" they had rolling rock .  $4 a bottle . i chugged it and got the hell outta there .
Okay so my husband took me here for my birthday awhile back since he knows i love sushi. It's a byob and you need to make reservations because it gets busy really fast. The menu consist of an assortment of sushi, sashimi, maki AND Chinese food. Not really a fan... Anyways we were seated at a table way too big for us. It felt like i was a mile from him. Lol! The restaurant itself is quite loud so we needed to almost yell to hear each other. It took awhile for the waiter\/waitress (we had different waiters waiting our table) to come to us. \n\nWe proceeded on ordering a general tao with rice and a chef's choice of sushi on a boat might i add! Kinda tacky if you ask me. It came with a choice of hot and sour soup or won ton soup. We had one of each. The hot and sour soup had frozen mixed vegetables and wasn't hot nor sour. The won ton was like the ones you would find in a Chinese buffet. Not off to a good start. Then the general tao was oily, saggy and way too sweet. The rice was ok. It took forever for the sushi to get to our table and our wine bottle wasn't opened yet! When we finally got our sushi boat, we weren't impressed by it. It wasn't unbeatable. It could of beed better, that's for sure and the combination of litchi with salmon was off putting to me! At 60$ +taxes for 29 pieces is quite expensive for this poor quality of sushi. \n\nComing here didn't ruin my night but i am certainly not coming bad. The service was bad. The food not so good and it was loud enough to be unpleasant! Maybe it wasn't their night. Maybe they were short staffed. That's too bad. I wish i could give more stars...
large spacious, dark atmosphere but nice expensive decor.  Food was pricey to obtain the 4 food groups.  Decline to spend $$$$, just arriving via Princess of Wales Prisscella, so opted for a simple multi leaf, blk olives, artichoke hearts salad with salad dressing switch of lemony\/olive dressing instd. Of cheese and garlic dressing.  Actually, I asked for it custom made because I couldn't afford to eat anything else.  Pieces needed to be cut to bite size, because I was the last person to finish.  When I looked up everyone was staring at me, I embarrassingly responded alot of chewing, and do "I look like an oriental rabbit yet."   A group of 5 theatre goers, out of 12 Roarred out laughing.  Breaking some silence.  Tea was nice and welcoming ~ $2.  T\/t = $16.  Restrooms were dark and bit tight, clean & well maintained.  Needed to get some gut sticking wholesome food to fight winter frigid cold of that night.  Went straight home for hot tea!!!  Would not go again, even if someone else treats.  Other reviews not promising enough, not surprized if this business fails.  They better get a good chef or greater cooks ASAP!?!? Before it's way too late!!!
I went here only for the macarons. But based off how delicious they are I'd certainly come back to try other items!
Delicious! We walked in Friday night at 5:45 and there were only a few people dining but within 20-30 minutes it started filling up. Better to be lucky than good with the timing. Started with the DDD recommended Dragon Eggs and they did not disappoint. We ordered Chicken Pad Thai & the Mi Dang. Large portions, flavorful and filling. Since we live in California, we won't be regular customers but we will likely come back whenever we are here in Scottsdale. Try it, you will like it.
Looked for a close inexpensive restaurant on a Saturday night at 7pm.  Saw this on yelp and decided to try it.  The place was nearly empty but could handle a crowd of 100.  Service was quick.  No draft beer but that was okay.  Ordered asparagus egg drop soup, crispy duck, and shrimp fried rice; all were very good.  I would recommend you try this place.
William answered all our questions, sent a quote and then sent a knowledgeable installer to complete the install of two new units. Great news, the price was just as we agreed to.  Great job
Thank you! For everything! Ernie is feeling so much better and I feel good as well knowing exactly what was going on, unlike other Vets that just throw information in your face and leave you confused!
For a Cheap hotel and Casino thats downtown at the end of the fremont strip. Not a bad little hole in the wall place. for what i paid for the room and the size of it was great. everything there seems to be broken but what can you do the bed was nice and the shower worked so i didn't complain to much here. \n\nThe gym on the 3rd floor is horrible don't go there. all the machines are broken and there missing the bars to the weight machine so your very limited on your exercises there. better off going for a run outside. Had to use a towel for a pull bar since the bars were all missing.\n\nThe casino seemed run down and pretty empty there. Its nice cause its walking distance to the golden nugget so i gambled there most of my trip.\n\nThe food at the Plaza wasn't to good was better off walking down the strip to find a decent place to munch on something\n\nI'd stay here again just for the room but i wouldn't gamble, workout or eat here.
The only reason this place is getting two stars from me is for the view. We were here for a bachelorette party and purchased a groupon for VIP bottle service and it still wasn't cheap. When we arrived they acted like they had no idea what the groupon was and tried to tell us it was only for 1 drink per guest. After waiting and arguing for a while we were finally given what we payed for but then the waitress came and stated she couldn't give us the bottle until we payed gratuity. Huge chunk of change. After we payed she brought  the bottle and disappeared for the rest of the night. We did not see her again. Great view and decent music. But my experience was horrible with their customer service. I definitely will never be returning here.
Bought hubby some sunglasses. Service was great and they were able to help us with what my husband was looking for
This is easily my favorite Chinese restaurant ever.  The food is great and consistent from visit to visit.  The service is friendly whenever we eat in.
Excellent experience at Byblos. We were a group of 4 and shared the labneh, ceviche, mussels, dumplings, brussel sprouts, sweet jeweled rice, and lamb, and were all full by the end. We also shared the donuts for dessert. The standouts were the labneh and lamb, and I'm normally not a lamb person. Great vibe and service. I'd be happy to go back!
Here is their website where you can view the menu: http:\/\/www.teakwoodstavern.com\/\n \nWe went here because my hubby was craving hot wings and I seen all the good reviews for this place. He ordered the insanity wings and they were some of the hottest he has ever ate and he loved them! We also got the fried zucchini, was was excellent. I got the candlestick carver sandwich and loved it. It was basically a french dip on sourdough with horseradish and green chili made with prime rib and melted cheese.....2 die 4! We will definitely go again for some good grub and brews.
I have never written a Yelp review before but I just had a terrible experience with this company. I called for a taxi from Lakewood to the airport (a 15 minute drive). When they arrived, they didn't help with my bags and basically said nothing the entire trip (not even a 'are you warm enough?'). Upon arriving, I found out the bill was going to be $35, which is overpriced for the duration of the trip. I have taken taxis often and it generally about a $20 ride. Then, when we arrive, I pay with my card, sign, and am ready to get out of the car - it also happened to smell of cigarettes, not what I expected given the cost of the trip - when the driver turns and has the audacity to ask if I want to tip him? It was a generally uncomfortable experience and I will never use them again.
Tasty smoothies, healthy, fresh made and variety on the menu. Prices are pretty fair compared to other juice bars. I'm not too knowledgeable on health foods but my questions get answered. Military and Veteran discount available. Super friendly staff!
I feel like this is the place that us "Gringos" are looking for when we are trying to get the inside scoop on the best Mexican food hidden gem in the city.
Pittsburgh is a better place now that Onion Maiden exists. Every thing I have tried has been remarkable. Worth the shlep if you don't happen to be lucky enough to live above the liberty tunnel. Great drink options, sweets, savory and lovey flavors throughout. Brought a doubtful friend who is not Vegan and she LOVED it. The Ragoon, YES. The hotdogs unique and interesting. "The Woods" ...I could eat everyday. One tip... have them heat the doughnuts for a moment... nothing like a warm sweet treat.
Great place for golf and restaurant service. A coffee bar that opens 6am even on Sundays! Take out and pizza delivery, good service, good menu. Everything is remodeled and totally improved so ignore negative reviews; just see for yourself!
Went there on 8\/4\/17 6 yo 3 yo both loved it the kiddie rides were great for them lots of them. Storm made us leave earlier than expected but great park no the less.
Judging by the number of positive reviews that have been filtered, I'd hazard a guess that some of the others that didn't get filtered are fake too. Or maybe we were supremely unlucky.\n\nHere is my experience with El Cheapo:\n\nThe crew, John and Willy, arrived at approximately 10:30 am on the scheduled moving date.\n\nSoon after they began to move our belongings, we noticed that they weren't handling items quite as gently as we would expect a trained mover to do.  For example, we witnessed Willy leaning a piece of furniture against artwork on our wall.  Who does that?\n\nWe had a slightly uneasy feeling because they reeked of stale booze and cigarettes and considered hovering over them from the start of the move but thought we would be respectful enough to let them do their thing as they assured us they had done many moves and we figured that based on all the positive reviews El Cheapo had online.\n\nSoon after they started moving stuff from our condo down to the truck, we noticed that it would take them a lot longer to come back up from the truck than it took them to load the elevator to go down.  There were several occasions when they took items down in the elevator and did not come back for 20-25 minutes.\n\nWe checked on them during one of these delays and found them sitting inside the rear of the truck smoking with our things.  This was at approximately noon - within 1.5 hours of starting.  \n\nOn our way to the house, they were following closely behind our vehicle (easily visible in the rear view mirror), though we had also given them specific directions to the address.  They told us they had a GPS, so no problem.  As we neared the house, the truck disappeared for approximately 20 minutes.  We tried calling in case they had gotten lost, but they did not answer the first time we called.  The second time we managed to get through but they provided no explanation or apology, nor an excuse that they were lost, for going missing for 20 minutes while on the clock.  \n\nAll told, by our calculations they wasted over an hour of clock time by way of several smoke breaks and the mysterious truck disappearance on the way to the house.\n\nWhen they arrived at the house is when things went from bad to worse.\n\nAt some point during the move they tore a leg off our entertainment console and did not notify us that there had been an incident.  When we noticed it and asked where the leg went, John told us it was in the truck.  No explanation or apology.  Ironically we had offered to wrap\/secure this item prior to any move as it was one of our favourite pieces and we wanted to ensure it arrived unscathed, but John and Willy told us in a condescending tone that it wasn't necessary as they knew better than us what they were doing.\n\nOther items were damaged in the move with John and Willy, including the floor in our new house.\n\nAs mentioned above, any time we offered to wrap up items to protect them better or make them more secure they responded in a condescending tone that they had done this a million times and that it wasn't necessary for us to help make their jobs easier.  Ironically every piece of furniture we offered to wrap was damaged.\n\nWhen they started unloading boxes at the destination they didn't ask us where boxes should go and ignored the labelling on the boxes so boxes that should have gone to the basement or kitchen ended up upstairs.\n\nThey entered the house with one of our dressers that looked as though it had been dragged across the pavement (the edges of all the drawers were sheared off).  When we asked John what had happened to the dresser he completely ignored us.\n\nAfter we noticed the first piece of furniture was damaged we asked that they be careful with the next piece of furniture and John replied "depends on how much you tip". NO joke!\n\nAfter seeing damage on every piece of furniture John and Willy brought into the house we could not allow them to continue moving anything else off the truck for fear of further damage.\n\nAt this point we instructed them to stop moving anything and they continued to be snarky and unapologetic.  We called Toby and asked him to send another crew.  The new crew arrived roughly 2 hours later and were much better.  Unfortunately though, by this point a significant amount of furniture had irreparably been damaged.\n\nWe're left feeling very unsettled by this situation as the reason we hired movers in the first place was that we thought they would be more careful with our things than our friends.  \n\nWe had prepared ourselves for some minor scratches and dings but this was well beyond what one might consider normal wear and tear from a reputable moving company.  \n\nUnfortunately despite the promises at the time to compensate us in some way for destroying so many of our belongings, El Cheapo did nothing to resolve the issue and made excuses every time we called to follow up.
If you are into soya bean products and food, this is the place to go!!\n\nThis location of Yan Woo supposed to be the 16th location of this Hong Kong based franchise.\n\nI have them since I was a child when I was in Hong Kong and I am so glad they opened one in Toronto!\n\nTheir sweet tofu pudding is so good! Prepared freshly everyday in the store. You can pick either hot or cold version or you can has different flavour with red bean, green bean, black sticky rice (my favourite), peanut, almond... and much more!!\n\nThey also has seating that you can order little snacks to eat in. They have fried noodles, congee, rice roll, fried tofu.\n\nYou can also buy family packed sweet tofu pudding, tofu, soy bean drink (sweet or unsweetened).\n\nYou really have to try the tofu pudding.. it is like silk! Just slide into your throat good!\n\nCASH only!
Delicious \n\nWhen it comes to creativity Akaihana Sushi and Grill sets the bar.  Don't expect the usual lineup of everyday sushi, Akaihana Sushi and Grill is the place to explore taste variations.\n\nAs you walk into Akaihana Sushi and Grill you immediately get the feeling of being at your favorite local spot.  The staff are welcoming, accommodating, and will even help you  navigate the specials and regular menu entrees.  \n\nWe ordered appetizers, sashimi and maki rolls from the daily special and regular menu and were impressed.  Everything was very fresh and delicious.  Prices are wallet friendly and the variety of sushi rolls will satisfy everybody's craving and for the non-sushi eaters, Akaihana's offers cooked entrees as well. \n\nIf you are craving Sushi stop by you won't be disappointed.
Excellent service!  Creative menu & beer selection. Thought both were outstanding!!  Definitely recommend the Barley Wine!
Had a 10 am appointment here on Wed\/2 Aug:\n- Orrin, the general manager, was professional and friendly.\n- I went for the \na) $164.99 lifetime alignment service = $189.99 - $25 coupon (thru the Firestone.com website you can get this offer for $169.99 which is still a deal)\nb) $71.96 lifetime balance & rotation \n- They were done in under 2 hours and informed me the results of my alignment pre and post fix, even giving me a print-out.  They also said they tested my car battery and recommended a replacement.  As they don't sell my size car battery (or any batteries at all?) they weren't looking just to make an upsale.  Unfortunately this store didn't have tire nitrogen refill.\n- The Firestone alignment\/balance+rotation lifetime services are valid at any of their stores nationwide, so it'll really pay off for me in the long run.  Had a I bought my tires thru Costco, Costco would have provided lifetime balancing, rotation, flat repair and nitrogen refill (at Costco's with nitrogen; the Summerlin Costco has it).\n-  Previously I had used Bob Scher's Goodyear for a one-time fix which came out to be:\na) $69.95 alignment\nb) $51.80 tire balance & rotation\n- So I'm definitely glad my buddy mentioned that Firestone offered lifetime servicing at a fair price.
We ordered from Thai Original BBQ due to our usual Thai place being closed for renovations and I must say, it was a welcome change. We might have to switch to this place.
Really, really enjoyed Bouillon Bilk! The atmosphere is very trendy\/modern, and upscale with an expansive wine list (the sommelier was a good resource).\n\nMenu is relatively small, which I like, with about a half-dozen starters, the same number of mains, and some daily specials. I ordered one of those specials, the guinea fowl, for my main, and it was really, really awesome. The cavatelli appetizer with truffles and other goodies was also excellent.\n\nThis would be a five-star meal if not for the portion size, which is extremely small for a large price tag. A favorable exchange rate does help, but it's a lot of money for what you get (which admittedly is an excellent, excellent fine dining experience). Our meal for two people included two appetizers, two mains, one dessert, one cup of tea and a bottle of wine. Total price was over $200 Canadian, which was worth it for a splurge.\n\nDefinitely make a reservation if you're going to come!
The prices are great! And there are a lot of choices as far as name brand or off brand. It is great for vegetarian\/vegan options for many different price ranges. \nHowever, this location is always just kind of a mess. The bathrooms are either closed for cleaning or just completely dirty which makes no sense to me. \nAlso, the aisles are already almost too skinny for two of their wide carts to fit through, so when products are stacked in the middle, instead of stocked on the shelves or stored in back, it's just difficult to get through aisles when there are multiple people. \nOverall the grocery company is great, I just think this location needs some work. Especially because I think it reaches a wider clientele and has a bigger location.
The first time I found Slider Truck was a bit of an accident. Took a wrong turn, and ended up right in front of them. Would've been the best accident ever, except that the guy in front of me got the last burger. I've been wanting to go back ever since, and finally got around to it yesterday. Now that I've tasted what I've been missing out on for all these months, I'm hooked. I ordered their hash slider and sweet potato fries. I've always been a fan of the concept of sweet potato fries, but have only had one good experience with them before now. They do it right! I just wish they had smaller take-out containers, because when I got my slider home, it was completely demolished. Still tasted great, though!
I've been here quite a few times, and let me give you the tl;dr about the place.\n\nThe traditional hotdog, with a bunch of different stuff on top of it. I'm a hotdog lover and I've tried every single regular dog on the menu -- and I like it most of the time. Except that it's just that odd time when something comes out a bit strange or not quite right that makes me dock one star.
I went to this place June 9th and it was pretty quiet, the people were super friendly and the food was decent though my only big complaint was that when i went their for lunch with my two friends we had all ordered about the same 2 rolls, and a salad\/miso soup and the order for the girl came right away and then 20 minutes after her food came and she had finished it. Our food for had finally came, and there was no one was in the restaurant besides us. Its just when i go out to lunch with friends i like to eat together.. So that was disappointing. But the food was good, average not outstanding but not bad.
Really glad I found The American Guardian. Heard about it from my accountant and decided to go ahead and rent a safe deposit box while I was on vacation in Vegas. The enrollment process was quick, easy and informative. They use a very cool iris scan recognition for access and I have to say that it's much quicker than to get a safe deposit box in a bank! \n\nVery recommended!
The Doctors here are wonderful.  They actually LISTEN to you and will do their best to help you.  I have a been diagnosed with a nasty form of arthritis and Dr. Darrell is keeping me mobile.  I highly recommend these doctors.  They will keep you going!!
Went over to Back Stage tonight for some food.  We had some pasta, which proved to be worth the modest price.  The wife says that the meatballs were okay but a little lacking.  I had the Sicilian Chicken Tortellini.  It was fantastic.  I really like it that they have mix and match options for their pasta dishes.  Good beer selection and good music.  Really low key kinda place....Nice place to check out if the other bars in the area are really not your scene.
This place changes the notion of a "burger joint". I've been to PVBC many times. I try to make it there at least once a week. Their burgers, sweet potato tots, and chicken club on 9 grain keep bringing me back. The food is well presented, well put together, and the flavor combinations are incredible. \n\nYesterday, however, I decided I was going to try something new and went for the weekly facebook special, the Texas BBQ Burger. Double chargrilled patties marinated in homemade BBQ sauce, roasted poblano, creamy slaw, smoked bacon, and freshly shaven smoked mozzarella. As I took the first bite, it happened: all other experiences I've had with burgers in my life faded to the distant background, and PVBC cemented itself as my definition of the PERFECT burger, flawless in taste, presentation, and overall execution. \n\nAnd from now on, all burgers I will have anywhere else will only be cheap imitations of the products of divine work being done in this modest, unassuming kitchen. Part of me is just thinking of never eating another burger outside of PVBC.\n\nOH YEAH. IT'S THAT F-ING GOOD. Do yourself a favor. Stop in. Order the brulee, the pulled pork, or my go-to, the chicken club. It wil change you, and then you'll have an idea of what I'm talking about.
Sat. night, 6PM, 4 of us.  First ever visit, and it was very nice.  The servers were attentive, polite and unobtrusive.  Food was very good, cooked perfectly, and correct to our order.  My wife stated that her meal was "outstanding".  Nearly perfect, wished they had mints at front desk to pick up on the way out.    If ever in T.O. again, would definitely come back here.
Really enjoyed my time at Beachland Ballroom when I drove down to see Nada Surf play a week or so ago. The venue is a nice size without feeling too huge or too small. Some of my favorite venues have a similar size\/feel about them (Schubas in Chicago for one) and this one joins their ranks. It was hot as hades outside but inside it was actually almost cold which I appreciate (especially since our venue of similar size in Detroit is NOT air conditioned. Holy hell). Every spot had a great view, the sound was fabulous, and the staff was out of control nice! \n\nI walked up to the bar and asked the bartender for a G&T for myself and a "tasty local beer" for my fella who wanted to sample some of Cleveland's finest. He asked me a few questions including what kind of beers he liked to drink and handed me over a tasty double IPA from Great Lakes Brewing. As he was handing it to me someone in line behind me started chatting me up about how great that beer was and before too long we were all in a lovely conversation. So nice! I love the midwest. Everyone else I encountered at the venue was equally as lovely. Usually at shows I want to throttle at least one person around me for being a jerk but here, most everyone was pretty chill and fun. A few shouters but nothing crazy. I actually left without my blood pressure rising. Thumbs up!\n\nExcellent venue that I'm sure I'll be visiting again the future, especially since it's surprisingly not that far (about 2.5 hours) from Detroit. An easy trek if someone you really want to see is playing there.
This place is the ultimate two star. If you have a craving for a cheap gyro downtown at night in Pittsburgh, this is the place to go. Unfortunately, Mike & Tony's closes by 6pm. You won't get good service, you will get frozen french fries tossed in the deep fryer served in disappointingly small portions. You will have to scrounge around for a bottle of ketchup and hot sauce. However, the gyro meat is freshly cut off the spit, and the over-stuffed sandwich is a good deal at $4.30. \n\nOverall, there aren't that many cheap places open at night downtown, so go here if you're stranded and can't stand the thought of another Sammy's corned beef sandwich. Otherwise, hold out for one of downtown's great lunch spots.
My Girl (Viki) and I had a late breakfast here on Saturday morning. It wasn't packed, thankfully cause I was starving. We ordered a large sandwich  combo that came with fresh made chips and drink. The sandwich was huge, made for four people it seemed, loaded with premium meat and fresh product, on freshly baked bread. The chips were alright. \n\nHowever, the waitress was a doll and the other people eating there were nice and also engaged in conversation. It was a good meal at the right price, and now I know they deliver!
Tonight we went and tried this new place out it, was delicious. We ordered appetizers spring rolls with shrimp,  pork Vietnamese egg rolls with pork and vegetables. For dinner my husband got a house stir-fried noodle dish that had vegetables, shrimp, beef & chicken.  I felt like Pho so I ordered #22 Noodle with rare steak flank, tenderloin, tripe & meat balls. I'll be completely honest with you regarding the pho it had the best broth I've ever had. I've tried several places around the valley that have high ratings for authentic pho and this place beat them all. We also enjoyed a Thai tea with boba it was the perfect accompaniment to complete our meal. The owners of the restaurant are very kind,  courteous and genuinely appreciated our business. Right now they have a grand opening special 10% off your bill. Go try them out today and I know you won't be disappointed.
Plan to arrive early if you want to grab a table, particularly on a weekend, because New Zealand Cafe does great business. Yes, it is in a strip mall, and no, the ambiance doesn't draw you in, but the fresh sushi and range of rolls sure does. The pricing is more than fair although I can't say that I've tried the $1 rolls. Seems a little risky to me unless you are vying for a sick day from work. I'm a sucker for a good caterpillar roll always as well as anything involving unagi, and there are plenty of eel options. My mister tried some tuna sashimi when we were there last, and it was outrageously good.
Earl's is a decent chain that I would rate above the usual Milestone's\/Moxie's-type places but below Joey, which is owned by the same company. The ambiance is nice -- they have huge stone pillars, massive airy rooms, a large patio, great seating, and tasteful decor. There's a decent number of beers on tap -- and they have their own house beer, which is respectable -- and the service is great. \n\nThe food is pretty average. In my most recent trip I had the Bronx burger, which was decent but nothing to write home about. Compared to Joey's menu, which I love, I just don't think Earl's is as good. \n\nAlso, if you don't work in finance, you might find this place a little off-putting. It's all douchey guys in suits hitting on gals in tight dresses. I prefer to eat in places with a greater mix of people.
In Las Vegas and tried Gordon Ramsey's but the best burger we had was here.  However, being from California my favorite burger joint is still In n Out burgers, a double-double, protein style and animal style!\n\nOne of my favorite gourmet chefs is Hubert Keller and this is his burger restaurant in Vegas...\nLove it and will return on our next visit to Vegas!
The Di Fara Special is the absolute BEST pizza I have ever put past my lips!!!  Breaking down every part to this pizza, each on their own is amazing, the crust, the sauce the cheese, the pepperoni...ALL AMAZING!  Worth every bit of the price, which if you ask me is not all that bad, the pizza is huge! A must!!!!
I wanted chinese food close to fountain hills,but after hearing about some of the other places I was hesitant to try this one... \nWhen pulling up the menu I was impressed with the lunch choices, I called and placed my order and the woman who answered was polite and told me my order would be ready in ten minutes.. upon arrival I noticed there was only one couple in the restaurant... this made me nervous but the atmosphere was nice and everyone was really polite.\n I have to say I was rushing on the drive home because the food smelled amazing.\nI ordered the curry chicken lunch special with hot and sour soup and the spicy pepper beef lunch special with eggdrop soup. (Yea its a lot for one person but I honestly didnt expect to like both so I figured at least one would be good)\nI was SO pleasantly surprised when I opened the bag and everything was neatly packed (egg rolls in a seperate package so they dont get soggy) utensils, hot mustard and sweet and sour sauce. \nThe food was SO SO SO good,  the chicken was definitely a fusion between thai and chinese, but it worked well and the chicken was moist and tender. The spicy pepper beef was also tender and spicy and quite frankly pretty amazing. The soups were just OK.. kind of bland for my taste but the eggrolls were the perfect balance between crisp and greasy!\nI highly reccomend this place!
If you are wanting to go out and see a pro basketball game - the Charlotte Bobcats are the team and the Time Warner Cable Arena is the place to go.  The suites rock. The arena still has that "new" smell.  The games are fun, loud and regardless of who wins, some good bball is played.  I wish the Bobcats would do better and hoping with MJ as owner, we will get some more big-time names to come play here.\n\nThe staff here is very friendly and the restrooms are mostly clean.  The food all smells great too - I will have to try more of the food next time, but hey, the pizza and beer rock!\n\nI have seen a concert here and it is a grand stage for sure for any large act (even though I prefer a smaller venue like the Visualite)\n\nGreat Yelp event last night and it was great meeting some of you!
Hard to find the place because it is inside of another place. You then order through a small rectangular hole in the wall.\nI got the Italian Beef, it was okay, owner claims the beef is imported, he should have imported the rolls and broth as well. The roll was toasted and the you are given a bowl of beef broth to dip you sandwich in. \nWater is free and self service. The place has a bad smoke smell do to the bar (remember a place inside another place).
One of the better dim sum places I've been to in a while. If you want to get here before 11am for the $3 special, make sure you wake up early. There is usually a big line up by 10:45am. The food tastes cleaner and fresher than a lot of other places. You can tell that they put into the effort to make the dumpling fillings or pastries in house. Service is typical of other dim sum places. Waving for service is recommended!
The Bay and Dundas location just renovated so it's a nice stop to enjoy bubbletea with friends or on your own. The servers are quick to get your order ready. \n\nI got the World Cup special which has a $5.00 and $5.30 option. I got the roasted milk tea with grass jelly in a gigantic 'world cup themed' cup (xxl size) for only $6 including tax. That is amaaazing!! Get it now. It's a limited time offer. \n\nThis made my day even though I'm soaked from the rain and late going back to the office!
Out most recent trip to CC was even better than the last one. Started with a dozen fresh and Delicious oysters, perfect size and full of flavor. Then came the crabs. Being from Maryland I am picky to be pleased and these meaty beaty big and bouncy beauties did not disappoint. Service was superb. Owner John made a visit and is very personable. Beer was good and necessary to wash down the tasty and spicy crustaceans. We will always go back.
My friend and manager talked up this place like if it was the greatest thing ever.  My 1st year anniversary came around and thought this would be a good spot.  I really didn't know what i was expecting, atmosphere, food quality, elegance, etc but i was really disappointed.  \n\nIf you are going to Benihana MAKE SURE you go to the teppanyaki grill instead of the lounge because the lounge was no better than eating at Panda Express.  The 5 course meal ($31, in which i counted 4) included a soup which was good, the salad was subpar, the main course was cold and the desert was probably the best part and it was just ice cream.\n\nThe waiter was polite and looked like he was really busy even though the restaurant was nowhere close to being 30% so i guess they were understaffed.  Im guessing the chef prepared all of 5 courses at once the moment we placed our order because by the time we go to our main course it was cold, the dipping sauce for the steak was watery and not thick for it to stay on the food.\n\nI was embarrassed because it was our 1st year anniversary and eating at Red Lobster the previous week was WAY better for around the same price.  Im never coming here again not even for the teppanyaki grill and i would rather go somewhere else, hell even Olive Garden runs circles around this place.  Ruth's Chris?  Forget it, its on a completely different level.\n\nMy guess is that Lee C is going to respond to this review like the countless other one-star reviews and apologize.  Well there are a ton of apologies from several months ago and it doesn't look like anything has changed.  I should have considered the reviews before coming here, my mistake.
I had a great experience at Professor Nails. I had an appointment at 5 and was helped immediately when I came in. The receptions, Thalia and Jasmine helped me pick a color and brought me water. My nail tech was Angel and she was great. I love my nails!!
What a joy to finally come across town and eat at Cornish Pasty. Located in the Arts District on downtown LV, you might miss it driving by by its unassuming exterior. However, once walking past the massive iron and wooden doors, you're greeted with a dark, eclectic interior with a British pub flare. \nThere are some long communal eating tables, fitted with church pews for seats, and of course many two and four or more tables with chairs. Overhead lighting is dim and each chandelier or fixture is different from the next. On one side of the bar there's also pool tables and shuffleboard tables, and kitchen in the middle, the other side a large bar with a plethora of beers on tap, many speciality crafted from different breweries, and full spirits and wine. \nSince meat pies are the main staple (called pasties actually, you know the British influence for colorful analogy is apparent). There's so many choices, it's almost too hard to choose. They also have appetizers such as tandoori wings (outstanding), Parliament wings (delicious), jalapeño bean dip with house made pita chips that are somethin' special, salads and soups, everything in unique and creative flavors. \nNow, onto those pasties. As I mentioned before, the wide selection is almost too hard to choose. I choose the chicken tikka masala (my fondness of Indian won me over). It was spicy and delicious, a tad too heavy on the green bell pepper flavor for my tastes, but the red spicy curry chicken and cubed potatoes was still excellent. Would still order again. My hubby ordered his fave meat pie, chicken pot pie\/pasty, a standard mix of peas, potatoes, carrots, in a toothsome gravy, he said it was delicious. Our two pals joining us ordered the Guinness Stew pasty, steak, potatoes, etc. in a Guinness spiked gravy. Our other companion decided on the Roast Dinner pasty, steak, candies carrots, potatoes, Brussels sprouts in a cheese and rutabaga gravy. He said it was fantastic. They have red meat, pork, chicken, fish and vegetarian choices. \nDessert was ordered, although we were so stuffed, we decided on the apple-caramel pie with vanilla ice cream, so scrumptious, and the dark chocolate bread pudding, which was heavy, but divine. \nService was awesome, our server was attentive, friendly and expeditious. Total bill, minus tip, for four pasties, three appetizers, two desserts, 4 microbrews and a vodka-club was $140. Not bad for the pleasing atmosphere, food and service. Will definitely return!
I'm a HUGE popcorn fan but I am not an ordinary buttery popcorn eater this is why I like doc popcorn.  The natural air popped popcorn comes in a variety of unique flavors. This is my second time at this location. The  first time I stopped by and sampled the Carmel Corn.  I was not impressed because I am use to the candied coated carmel which I know is not the healthiest. I decided today to be fair and try other flavors. I am glad I did. I sampled the Salt-n-Pepper, Sweet Butter, and Hoppin Jalapeño. All three were amazing. I am so happy I gave them a second chance because now I am hooked. So hooked I had to skip dinner from eating up my bag of Salt-n-Pepper that I took home with me. Sad thing is the popcorn did not  make it home. Luckily they make tins which allow you to add other flavors which keep their freshness. \n\nThe price point is much cheaper then my favorite popcorn store Garret's out of Chicago. This popcorn is much healthier and offers popcorn for all dietary needs. Doc Popcorn even ships popcorn to your home or as gifts. \n\nWhat I was most impressed by is my fingers were not all oily you can tell this popcorn is made not to hit the hips but a natural treat. I also admire how tasty the flavors were. They offer a deal for popcorn and a drink\/and or Icee. Much cheaper treat then the movies.
Osaka is, hands down, my favorite sushi restaurant in Las Vegas (and in the last 10 years, we have frequented quite a few). They have excellent fish (top quality, all the time), reasonable prices, and a smaller, quiet sushi bar that is very easy to enjoy a meal at with your family. They also have a dining room with tables, and tatami rooms in the back, where I would personally love to go for a birthday dinner. It's about 10-15 minutes off the strip, and in my opinion totally worth it whether you're a local or in town for vacation. \n\nOne of the best bonuses about Osaka is their hours- they are open for lunch and super late (until 2:00 am!!!). \n\nSome ordering recommendations- \n- My number one recommendation is simply for the nigiri sushi. I personally have never had a bad experience with their sake or hamachi, and when they say the uni is good, it's really good! I also like their regular-old spicy tuna roll. \n- Our family's go-to rolls generally include the O.G. Special (crispy rice with spicy tuna and yummy sauce + sriracha on top) and Kai's Special roll. Both are always hits with visitors too. \n- From the kitchen, I personally like the Osaka Rice (sushi rice, masago, crab, sauce). Our family is split between the empura soft shell crab with ponzu sauce and the soft shell katsu with screaming sauce- both are a great appetizer to split.
Love this store.  My weakness all their deserts, foods, and all the special goodness you can find there only.\n\nLove the lunches here!
Yoooooooo!!!\n\nI'm just going to be real....this place is Fiyaaaaah!!\n\nNext door to costa verde (which is also fiyah) at keele and wilson is Best Kebab & Doner- a Turkish family owned restaurant that is just doing the most amazing things in the north west part of town. The furniture is not all that- but if you see the kitchen- you will realize where most of the money was spent for this operation.\n\nChar grill, Shawarma rottiserie's , stone oven's for turkish pizza's and glass displays for fresh meat. You know that you are getting some quality stuff just from the sight of their kitchen.\n\nMenu was also innovative- a 2 sided laminated sheet with items pictured and description below. It was very easy to pick what you desire- even if you are a novice to the Turkish cuisine. We ordered the Lazelar kebab and also a beef doner dinner.\n\nThe Lazelar dinner was an experience on its own. lamb skewer plated over eggplants and covered with cheese. My brain was amazed and confused. It felt like I had all my favorite things in my mouth. Am I eating BBQ? rack of lamb? Is that Baba Ganoush?? charred meat with melted mozzerala? what? So good....\n\nI cannot take anything away from the beef doner- however I would much prefer it in a sandwich instead of the dinner I got. The doner was a thing of its own. Ever walk in to a shawarma place and debate if you want a gyro or beef shawarma?\n\nsay no more fam- Booom! The doner at best kebab tasted like a combination of the both!! \n\nIm adding this to my top 10 list in this area of Toronto.\n\nI highly recommend it!
Ordered a birthday bouquet to be delivered to my mom on her 50th as I live out of state... Couldn't have been happier with the service, price and the flowers were gorgeous! I happened to be in town a couple days later as a surprise, so I got to see them in person. They were beautiful all the way around (unlike some flower delivery services ahem ahem that only look good from the front due to boxes and such). \n\nThey didn't offer mylar balloons anymore as I had ordered, so Betsy with the shop emailed me to ask if I'd like additional flowers added in or a refund for the balloon. Thanks for that! \n\nI love that I can support a local business in my hometown for 2,000 miles away. It was priced extremely well and again, the quality was great. I've found my new go-to spot for special occasion deliveries!
Met my family here for my son's 31st birthday.  The decor is simple but cozy, and it didn't hurt that we had a thunderstorm during dinner.  My son said he wants his house to look like the interior of the restaurant.  Our waiter was extrememely attentive, and even though our water glasses were teeny tiny, they were never empty.  The bussers were equally watchful and dishes were cleared promptly, glasses refilled, and appropriate silverware was always provided before the food.  Four of the party of six are present or former service industry folks, so we all really appreciated the service in this age of often feeling as if the waitstaff are doing you a favor waiting on you.  We started with the mac and cheese, fried deviled eggs, and roasted squash.  I am watching the middle age spread, so I only had one bite of the mac and cheese, but it was perection.  Excellent balance of cheeses (there are 4) and the thick cavatappi pasta was cooked just right.  Everyone else raved about the eggs and their dipping sauce, and the squash was finished off by my gluten free son.  Two folks had the osso buco, and literally scraped their plates clean - I'm guessing it was good?  One had the short ribs, and that disappeared quickly.  Two of us had the chicken, which was served with a bacon biscuit stuffing that was amazingly crispy and warm and soft all at the same time.  The cheeseburger was so big and filling my husband could not finish more than about 2\/3 of it.  We all shared the s'mores plate, coconut cake, and some GF deserts we had brought for my son (which the server was nice enough to keep hidden and serve with a candle at the appropriate time)  The s'mores plate has squares of marshmallows that are perfectly roasted, small squares of graham crackers, an artistic swirl of creamy peanut butter (I'm assuming everything was house made) and, wait for it, chocolate covered bacon!  I am dieting and have a weigh in tomorrow, but I just did not care - I can't wait to tell my counselor I had chocolate covered bacon just to see her face!!!  Can't wait for an excuse to go back (it's a bit far from my house).  Oh, and it was ridiculously inexpensive!  $358 (not including tip) for six entrees, three appetizers, and three deserts, a bottle of wine (plus three glasses), 7 coctails and a cup of java!
Great company. Quick service, reasonably priced and excellent product. Highly recommend!
This place isn't bad. Food is not bad. Took my gf here and she likes the bento boxes. I tried the oxtail soup here and it was ok. The malasadas took me straight into a sugar coma, it was good. Sushi was ok. Service was good, everyone is friendly and the servers are quick. Happy hour menu has some pretty good selections.
I think this salon and Albert in particular are awesome. it is more than great value in that I get a professional cut and blow dry by someone who truly knows what he's doing and for $40 when I'm used to paying at least $80 if not $200
I think chick-fil-a has great food.  Right when you step in they greet you in a happy way.  They were so helpful they took are tray and dumped it in the garbage.  It took 3 minutes to get our food and it was amazing.\n\n                                                                                    -Ryan a boy who likes Chick-fil-a
Decent quality sushi. That comes to you. Constantly and without much waiting.... Need I say more?\n\nI've been a fan of Sushi Station since I started going to the location up at Desert Ridge. Driving down Camelback and seeing this location was now open was music to my ears (sometimes the 30 minute drive up North just doesn't seem worth it).\n\nThis location seems more spacious than the other - and included all my go-to favorites (there's one spicy shrimp roll I can't get enough of) as well as some new delights. I especially enjoy getting to try several small bites of different things without it breaking the bank - although I've been known to go a little HAM and eat a few too many plates when hungry. My record so far is ~$36 in plates that don't cost more than ~4 a piece. Care to challenge my mad sushi eating skills?\n\nThe one critique I might make - I LOVE yellowtail. And although you can order items not on the conveyor belt that do have yellowtail, they aren't typically included in the standard rotation and finding your waitress can be a little challenging if they're especially busy. Regardless, 4 well deserved stars.
I my friend made reservations for this place for a saturday night. Owner (man) she spoke to on the phone was extremely rude. She mentioned that she may have a few extra people and he said they would have to stand and anyone who doesnt show up he will charge $80 per person. After this kind of treatment we started looking at other places to go to and when we called to cancel the owner laughed and hung up. DO NOT RECOMMEND. we ended up going to Spacco next door and I must say it was the best experience I have ever had at a restaurant. Thank God. This place deserves to be shut down!
There's a lot about Tau that I like compared the Tau on St-Denis Street. First off its a lot brighter, and should be as it is a large store with lots of windows. The store is very well organized and usually has great greens at a very reasonable price. (kale, spinach, black kale, collard greens, etc). Since it is a store that caters to the West Island, a very large community, they have weekly, daily and most of the time weekend deals on new items. I find going there on weekends give you a great chance to sample some of these items. If you have any kind of health issues, if you're info veganism, vegetarianism or simply enjoy choosing biological products this is the place for you.
Very relaxing. Great color options. Very friendly. Lots of services offered. Will definitely be back!!!
Was wäre Waiblingen ohne das Tagblatt direkt am Marktplatz? Gibt es was schöneres, als ausgiebig im Tagblatt lecker zu frühstücken und so seinen Tag zu beginnen? Absoluter Kultladen mit fairen Preisen. Egal ob für ein Mittagessen oder zum Frühstück oder auf nen Kaffee oder auch Abends auf ein Bier, im Tagblatt ist man immer gut aufgehoben! Die netten Kellner und die tolle Terasse tun ihr Übriges...
In all fairness, I've only ever had the Cod Tacos but they were so good I came back 3 days in a row for more!  \n\nThe fish was crispy and perfectly sized to fill (not spill) the taco.  I'm pretty picky about tortillas but these had a nice texture (not the dry rubbery ones that come from that fish taco chain) and the cabbage \/ sauce was fresh and tasty.  I couldn't stop thinking about these tacos and had to go again... and again.  \n\nThe price was right, about 7 bucks for the two tacos and 2 sides - rice (which I liked and typically don't) and the beans (which I really liked).  \n\nFor me, the portion was perfect for lunch, just enough that I could barely poke it all into my smallish appetite but not so much that I had more than a bite or two left.\n\nI called in my order all 3 times and it was ready in like 8 minutes, fresh and packaged really conveniently for a quick lunch in the car (parked, of course).\n\nThe décor is really modern, sleek and inviting - the patio looks amazing and I'd love to try sometime when I have more time.\n\nParking was ample in back, there is a large parking lot and that's where you enter.
Delicious.  Small portions (expected from this kind of restaurant).  Great service. Decent drinks. Tastebuds satisfied, but not the belly.
Biggest rip-off on the planet. Their "Big" Barbecue Sandwiches are about 3 inches around and the menu says they are $5.75 but when I got home I just saw they charged my $9 for a sandwich that is smaller than a junior cheeseburger from McDonald's,  it's basically a $9 slider. I took a picture with a lighter next to it so you can get an idea of the size of this $9 rip-off.
A considerably quiet restaurant given that they had just opened for business. The restaurant specializes in rice noodle soup but also offers side dishes as well as crawfish for dinner service. \n\nWe ordered the Rice Noodle in Spicy Sauce and a side of Beef with Soy Sauce. The side of beef was disappointing as it was bland and even the chill dipping sauce couldn't save it. The noodle soup was on the other end of the spectrum. The soup was delicious... just right on the level of spiciness and sourness. It came in a set of 3; a bowl for the broth, a bowl of noodles, and a tray consisting of 'side dishes' and meat. At first it seems like you're getting a lot of food. Essentially, you put everything you get into the bowl of soup which gives you option of only putting in the vegetables you want. In my opinion, I think they should make the soup hotter to allow the 'side dishes' and noodles to cook better. \n\nNote: They give free refills on the rice noodle!
My husband and I recently bought our first home and came to California closets to help us get organized.  We are so happy with the finished product! Tamara was so helpful to us since this was our first time. She was honest and had many ideas on the different options we could have.  We are very pleased with our experience and will for sure recomend California closets and Tamara!
Recently took several business partners to dinner here.  The steak and corn muffins are my fav and the specialty drinks are top notch.  Our server picked up that we were doing business and acted accordingly.  It was a great experience.
Don't waste your money on this place.  There are much better options in Montreal. The service was a bit uptight and the food was mediocre for the value. Don't recommend it.
My family and I have visited many zoos over the past few years while we were in the military.  Pittsburgh Zoo is not the freshest zoo in the country.  The entry fee is relatively low compared to San Diego Zoo for example, but many really great zoos such as St Louis and Chicago, have no entry fees at all.  \n\n* Our biggest complaint with the zoo is the children's play area.  Some of the play equipment was worn out or old, but some of it was just plain dangerous.  I'm not a litigator but I was considering suing the zoo after my kid got stuck in the mole rat tunnel complex.  There's no way for parents to enter or access their child if they get stuck or get ill when they're in the pipes.  I was on the verge of calling 911 or using my pocket knife to cut my way into the pipe to rescue my child when my wife was forced to climb up onto the pipes (signs prohibiting this on the pipes but you have to do what you have to do) and help our kid escape. *\n\nMost of the Zoo is fine, but stay away from the kids' slides, the playground gear and anything that seems like it might be a hazard.  A small boy was killed at this zoo recently and it seems like the zoo management hasn't learned anything about safety in the interim.  If it's crowded with energetic big kids, be especially careful if you have little ones under 5.  \n\nBeyond that, the entire park looks like it could use some landscaping and paint just to spruce the place up.  I was pretty shocked to see the pavers outside the Jambo grille were all wavy and uneven (a tripping hazard) and they were just put in last year - obviously in a hurry by an incompetent builder.  Considering how many people go to the Pittsburgh Zoo and the large amount of entry fees being collected, the facilities really need to be upgraded and taken care of better.
The best breakfast place I have ever been to. The owner runs this business like a well oiled machine. The wait staff is prompt and friendly. The food is delicious! If you're visiting Vegas do yourself and get a rental car and eat off the strip. The prices can't be beat anywhere especially in Vegas! We had the pancakes, french toast, and sausage gravy and biscuits (made with sausage and bacon and the best I've ever had!) If we ever visit Vegas we will be eating all our breakfasts here!
Fantastic!  Excellent customer service.  Every time I called them, I received professional service.  Jason was my adviser and it was a pleasure to work with him.\n\nI was in accident and had front bumper damage as well as some internal damage.  \nThey came and picked up my vehicle and took it to their shop which was helpful to me as I didn't have to call an outside two truck to come and get it.\n\nI was called with an estimate and a time frame.  Once they got working on the car they found more damage on the inside and so they called me with the new estimate and time frame. I appreciate the updates through out the service.\n\nI decided since they were working on the car, I should fix some other things.  I asked them to fix the window tint and the car window motor.  \n\nMy car was done exactly when they said it would be and they even vacuumed out my car and threw out the trash.  Wow!  Thank you!\n\nI highly recommend taking your car to T & S Body Works.
Love this place. The atmosphere is modern with a relaxed vibe. Our server was Fabio and definitely made our lunch more enjoyable. The pizza was amazing along with the seared tuna salad. Going to be back very soon!
Forma Plastic Surgery far exceeded my expectations with a friendly, professionalism, hospitable staff and post-op results!  The moment I walked into the office I knew this was the place I wanted to treat\/care for me. I was greeted with smiling faces and made quite comfortable in the waiting area.  Speed of service was great! I've never waited longer than 5 minutes for each appointment I've had.\n\nThe consultation was free, thorough and best of all, pressure free!  I set up my appointment with Jenna, who was an absolute sweetheart, and she walked me through all of my pre-op details and answered my long list of questions.  I've been to a number of plastic surgeon consultations, but none managed to come close to my experience here.\n\nDr. Yao was my surgeon and is just simply the best!  Very polite, professional and attentive.  His knowledge and precision to detail made me very comfortable and that I was in good hands.  Dr. Yao was somehow able to put my nerves at ease, perform the procedure, keep my family from panicking and give me a call a few hours post-op while I was home in bed.  He's gotta be a magician!\n\nOverall, great experience that I had to share because I understand how difficult it can be to find the right doctor.
I have been going to this restaurant for 15 years and love the authentic Mexican taco taste. My go-to is a tortilla with butter and a pork\/beef mix quesadilla. The pork is sweet and with some hot salsa is the best flavor combo. No rice and beans included and they do charge for using a card so bring cash. \n\nSalsa bar included!
Why i do not like to pay before my insurance has processed. I overpay but 415$ and now i have to wait 45 days for them to process and send me a check. I was told last week i would get the check first week of june and now they telling me it still in processing and i got to wait and should be sent to me in 3-4 weeks. This is bull shit and I should have received right away. If my insurance owes me money they send me a check within a week. This places is slow as snails. Why do they make you pay before insurance processes it is beyond me and should be a scam
I have always been a fan of French cooking, so the Twisted Frenchman was high on my list to try.  It is a small boutique restaurant and from the Spartan modern decor, the emphasis is on the food and wine.\n\nThey offer a smaller menu selection than most restaurants, but everything offered appeared to be excellent and inviting. I indulged myself with the Steak Tartare and the Duck.  Both were awesome.  The duck was a very generous portion, but you don't get much steak tartare - based on the price I expected about twice the portion.  I think I got maybe two tablespoons worth.\n\nThe wine was very good.  I had an Alsace Reisling.\n\nThe dessert menu is a total disappointment though.  Frankly, I think the chef either mailed it in or the pastry chef quit the week before.  I had the choice of vanilla custard or ice cream.  Surely you are joking...\n\nDespite this, it's a 4 of 5 star place.  The food is THAT good that you can overlook the small appetizer portion and the joke of a dessert menu.
Great specialty cocktails and even better food.  The beet burger is phenomenal and the pimento cheese dip appetizer is a great way to start the meal.
Went in with the hubby because we each received an offer for a free cupcake. Was told we couldn't use both offers, even though we are two separate people. We were buying more than 2 cupcakes, so I'm not sure what the problem was. I suppose they felt that it was better to take my money once rather than make me a repeat customer. Minus one star for crap service.\nThe cupcakes themselves were subpar. I've had amazing cupcakes from places like Georgetown Cupcake and Red Velvet, but these were just okay. Beautifully presented but one was WAY too buttery, one was very dry and the others were not spectacular. In fact, I've had a stomach ache all night since sampling. I have definitely made better at home. Minus 2 starts for bad cupcakes.\nSave your money, time and stomachs and go somewhere else.
First: Big ups to Yelp and giving me a 20% off food coupon on my phone after checking in at Hard Rock Café.  We were in a group of 10 so that was big savings.  Showed it to the waiter and he applied the discount no problemo.\n\nFood: Disappointing to say the least.  Pulled pork sandwich was dry and the bbq sauce was too sweet and overpowering.  I also observed my other friends who did not finish their food, not a good sign given that it was lunch and we were hungry. \n\nDrinks: had a large sized mojito which is supposed to have at least 3 shots.  Tasted like there was no booze at all.  My friend who got the same drink absolutely concurred.  Not happy.\n\nService: combined with the 20% off Yelp coupon, the service was the saving grace points of our visit.  Our guy was spot on, full of energy, would sing along with the tracks in the background and give us descriptions of the dishes.  Now if only the descriptions could turn into taste, it would have been a better experience.
I found the place to feel clean and the staff was very welcoming and friendly.  The food was average but OK.  Just nothing special to write home about.  Fries were not over salted like some places do.  One problem was that I ordered my burger well down and my friend order on medium rare.  Both came out well done.  We were served by the waitress and she was attentive.  So was a man who was flittering around the place.  They did a good job of keeping the drinks filled.  Placed was not loud, but ceiling was not acoustic.  So, a loud table would more than likely tend to reflect noise all around.  Guess we got lucky that day.  All in all, seemed like a Denny's with a different décor.
Yup, I'm reviewing a gas station. I like the Quiktrip chain in general and this station in particular.\n\nI find Quiktrips to generally be the cheapest gas in town. Sure, the Arco sign down the street might say it's 2 cents\/gallon cheaper, but then you get whacked with the ATM surcharge, not to mention there's all those bums loitering in the adjacent bus stop.\n\nWith Quiktrip, the place is well lit, there's always a trash can and window squeegee at every pump, the convenience store is better than most, and unlike most other gas stations, they don't charge you for the air compressor. Oh, and the person at the register will actually greet you when you step inside the door, while managing to sound sincere about it. Is that the coolest thing for a convenience store or what? \n\nBonus: for those of you who enjoy shopping at the Hot Chick Safeway down the street, this is the Hot Chick Gas Station.
Family owned, super friendly people at the counter, very clean place. But that is nothing compared to their ice cream!! I had Cashew Caramel (generous amount of nuts) & Banana with Nilla Wafers (added in as they scooped to stay crunchy). This ice cream was bliss. My husband had Lemon Crunch (creamy tart perfection with graham cracker bits) & Java Jolt (strong coffee flavor with brownie bits & chocolate covered coffee beans). If you are anywhere near here, go. It is worth the trip!
I made a last minute request to have initials embroidered on the tongue of shoes for a present. I could not be happier!! They came out so perfect. I will definitely be returning for upcoming things I need done for bridal gifts. The customer service was top notch and everything here exceeded my expectations. I have driven by many times and had no idea they did embroidery until I looked online. Very happy customer!
Excellent service. Michael was great - even helped push my car down parking deck to be towed. 5 stars all around these guys are the BEST!
The pharmacy is the worst i have ever experienced. They seem to have a restriction or policy on everything that other pharmacy don't. Even other CVS pharmacies are better run then this one. I will never step foot in that store again.
Ya well, 2012........the same. Kudos to some of the artists though - very talented people there. Don't quite understand why you have to pay to get in though....you would think it would free to expose the artists to more people. *shrug*
This place had nothing that was great. The coconut shrimp appetizer was not good and the dipping sauce didn't go with it. We had the Cajun fries which were just OK and 1lb shrimp with the everything sauce not very flavorful. To top it off the service was horrible
Ordered a pick up order and timed my distance to about 15 minutes out. Phone communication was normal, no attitude and received the order without trouble. Person said my order would be ready in 15 minutes so it seemed perfect. Once I arrived, the staff was friendly but very stiff. Offered the greeting then went on like a robot doing their job. It did not look busy inside at all but they were moving around not in a hurry but as if they were behind on something. Maybe it was my order. I did arrive exactly 15 minutes later but still had to wait another 15 minutes there by the front door. Not sure if this was a young staff with poor leadership or just a new place where things aren't running smoothly yet. Regardless, was craving some wings and got the same ol, same ol. Wings are just average but Im sure ill find the good wings in the area later.
The main problem with this place is that most of the girls now  are fake. Fake attitude, fake tits. This may be a news flash but,  not every man desires a supermodel with massive gazongas. I much prefer the Zanzibar, but i still come to the Rail sometimes if it's on my way. It was much better 20 or 25 yrs ago when they had some more natural girls and many of them with whom you could have an interesting conversation. It's not like that today.
Amazing service and great price. They arrived on time and worked hard while in my home. Very cheerful owner and worker who did extra to get out some tough stains in the bedroom\/bathroom area. They whole house looks so much better. They got out all the stains I couldn't with can carpet cleaners. I have two little ones under four! I would recommend them to anyone looking for speedy and fair carpet cleaning.
my honey will probably kill me for posting this review, as out favorite spot could become compromised in some way by perhaps an influx of business preventing us from getting our favorite booth right away....BUT, as a business owner, i understand the importance of good word of mouth and i LOVE this place.  I am no foodie, in fact, if my parents or close friends even caught wind of the fact that I, Danielle DeBoe, am writing restaurant reviews, they probably would just not believe it and maybe even fear for the business, but that said....it is a mexican restaurant, family owned and operated and while i cannot speak to whether or not its the most authentic or more innovative or more anything than any other mexican restaurant, i can say with the increasing number of mexican restaurants popping up around town, we still come here once a week...(this or Luchitas's which is also a favorite).  Their margaritas may be glow in the dark green but they sure are tasty and the chicken fajitas or enchiladas ( the only things i ever order) are delicious.  if it is quiet enough you may even get special commentary by the staff on the spanish version dancing with the stars, which is sure to be on during a visit.
My favorite bridge downtown. I love it. The color, the arches, and the lights at night, just spectacular! It is not the longest or the highest but I love it and it is a gem!
A couple of trips to Vegas ago, I ate dinner at Cathouse before going out for the night. Our goal was not a gourmet meal. However, the food was way better than we expected. Almost everyone very much enjoyed their meal. \n\nIf they still have them on the menu, try the spicy meatballs. They are to die for.
What nice guys. Awesome service. They break down the cost and are far better than any locksmith I have ever used. They have a new customer for life !!! I had my car stole from my husbands car so we had to get my whole car rekeyed.  They were quick and did an amazing job.
As far as Korean food goes, it is authentic. However in Pittsburgh, don't imagine that the Korean restaurants are on par w\/ places in other urban centers. It's sort of the place I go to when I'm desperate to eat Korean food. \n\nKorea Garden is actually pretty decently priced for Korean food. \n\nThere is a upstairs room if you come with a large group. And they are very accommodating.\n\nParking can be a challenge though.
Really really really good. As a first-timer I found the set up a little overwhelming\/confusing, but then I put an asada taco in my mouth and everything was right in the world. So much flavor. The avocado sauce is serious. The grilled peppers on the side are necessary. Spicy pork was super tasty. \n\nI wish they had chips. I may not look like a gringa but I do eat like one...
Love it. Facility is very clean and staff is very friendly. Instructors are great. I love the classic spin class with Mike.
My new hang out spot after work. Come very often. Found this gem 3 weeks ago. I come here to do work, or just to hang out. What earned them a perfect score: Food, hookah, atmosphere, customer service, cleanliness, and price point. \n\nFood: Their food is always fresh. Great portions. Has a lot of flavor. \nHookah: Many flavors to choose from. Great price. Pipes are always new. Their hookah lasts for a couple hours. Always coming around with new coal. \nAtmosphere: Everyone here is friendly. Is always live. GREAT WIFI. Never have any issues with their WIFI. Always fast and dependable. They have plugs all over the place. Never had to worry about a place to charge my laptop. \nCustomer Service: By the second visit, they have already known me. Make sure you have what you need.\nCleanliness: Everything is clean unlike a lot of hookah places. \nPrice: Great prices for everything they offer. You don't sacrifice quality for price here \n\nOverall: If you want good hookah place, this should definitely be on the top of your list. Word of advice, make reservations if your coming past 8:00pm because they get full.
Money's Worth put in our pool a little over a year ago and we were more than satisfied with the quality, service, and price!
Was there when they first opened and thought it was so so.  Decided to give it another try recently and now I'm hooked!   Hooked on the cold drunken chicken!  Several dishes I've tried have also been pretty good.  They have a large menu of food and drinks\/desert.  So it'll take me awhile to try them all.  Cuz I'm hooked on the cold drunken chicken!
We stayed at the Monte Carlo in the summer of 2013, primarily for the pools.  The pools are pretty awesome.  There is a regular pool and hot tub, a wave pool and a lazy river.  It was very fun and relaxing to float along the lazy river.  The tubes weren't too expensive for an all day rental.  I think about $10.  \n\nThe whole pool area has a fun vibe.  There is good music playing and the staff is friendly.  The drink prices are a little higher than other Vegas pools I've been too, but it's doable.  \n\nThere are plenty of chairs around and the area is very clean.
Worst feeling ever is feeling like your parents are being taken advantage of.  After my one star Yelp review of Firestone on Euclid in Iowa, I scheduled an appointment w\/ the Henderson, Nevada location to take a look at the 'work' done w\/ the same car troubles & $2000 later.  \n\nOf course, I was angry when I arrived there at 11am yesterday cause I sent the fairly new car as a gift to my parents six years ago, only to feel like now it was unsafe to drive.  To think that they drove under those squeaky conditions 24 hours away was upsetting!  \n\nAround 3pm, we spoke to James who was truly awesome.  We voiced our frustration to him after multiple times in & out of the Iowa Firestone.  He agreed w\/ us, took his time to find the exact issue & reassured us that it would be of no charge to us to resolve the nearly $700 issue.. Left front ball joints, alignment, etc.  \n\nTalk about excellent service!  When my mom told me that the manager in Iowa asked her, 'are you sure it's not the fender or the bottle in the door that you're hearing?'  I just about lost it.  \n\nI assure you that we will be regulars at this new Firestone on Horizon Ridge & Paseo Verde.  I feel like my parents are in good hands going there w\/ or w\/ out me.  The Firestone in Nevada is charging the Iowa Firestone for the charges & we truly appreciate that.  I highly recommend this particular Firestone & in the past before the experience in Iowa, we had always had excellent service w\/ Firestone.
I went in one weekend with my boyfriend so we could get pedicures. I received great customer service, even after I dropped a nail polish and it broke. There was nail polish all over my feet and all over the ground. I offered to clean it and they insisted I sit. Everything that was offered for the pedicure I chose was what I received. As I left the salon I messed up one toe, I went back in and they fixed it for me really quick. After getting home and taking a closer look once they had dried, they were extremely sloppy. The second coat was just slapped on and didn't cover my whole nail. So I will no longer go to that nail salon just because one technician doesn't know how to polish nails and she works at a nail salon. I wish I knew her name but I don't.
Cafe Bink was a pleasant surprise for lunch on a Saturday out on the patio with a view of the boulders across the road. I love Binkleys and hesitated to go to the Cafe, thinking I might be disappointed. It's a bit small and boxy on the inside, but warm feeling and the patio is comfortable.  The squash soup was brilliant, also served at Binkleys. The frisee salad-soup combo was pretty perfect . Sandwiches are good, especially the salmon and applewood smoked bacon.  I liked the frites but the trio of accompanying sauces is..well.. a bit weird. Sauces need more punch. Skip the limpid green iced tea and go for the black iced tea or a nice glass of wine. Nice presentations all around. Great spot when you're up in this area.
Went to Red Robin for dinner the other night. We got the Chili Chili Con Queso as an appetizer. When it came out, I was surprised to see how few chips were on the plate. Most places give you a big basket of chips. $7 worth? Not so much. We forgot to say no salsa garnish on the queso so we had to scoop off the tomato chunks. But the queso tasted good and we even had some left over to dip our fries in.\nI ordered the Banzai Burger (no pink), and no lettuce, tomato, or mayo. That is one of three burgers I like to get. My other favorites are the Whiskey River BBQ Burger and the Royal Red Robin. My burger was cooked right and tasted good. I enjoyed dipping the fries in the leftover queso dip. I have to say I kind of miss the days when your food came in a basket and the burger was partly wrapped in paper. They are trying to be fancy now with the rectangular plates and bottomless metal cylinder for the fries.\nWe asked our server for some more napkins and she brought us two. They sure are stingy with napkins here! She did a pretty good job keeping our waters refilled. And while she didn't ask if we wanted more fries, my friend requested some and she brought us a basket. Yay steak fries! Red Robin... YUMMMM
Ive eaten at this Cane's too many times to count. It's always busy so be prepared for a little bit of a wait. (Worth it) Coming from the south where Zaxbys and Slim Chickens are on every other corner. Cane's is a great substitute. It's fried chicken. How could it not be delicious? Cane sauce
Food same as any other location but the service here is terrible with long wait times for food.
Kalani is the BEST bartender; socially and liqourly. Haha... Unfortunately this was always our last stop of the night (roughly 2am) so we didn't get the best experience, but our time spent here was awesome! Great people, great feel, great everything. Complimentary pretzels and yes it does have a scooper lol. Pool tables and a fine ass FED EX guy that drops off packages around 7am. Lol! We partied here allll night till the morning. It was a great experience as I don't like to stay up passed 3am but it's Vegas... fugg it!!! Jukebox so you can play of your liking. :)
Great beverages and friendly service in a charming spot. What more can you ask for. We didn't try the baked treats (Trying to be good), but they looked and smelled amazing. I also would really like to buy some of their teas to try and take home. Next Time!
Amazing food! Authentic Japanese izakaya feel. Family run, good service, amazing food. Be sure to ask what are the Market prices for some delicacies, some are pricy but amazingly fresh and delicious. AND you can take your own alcohol (inside only) without paying any fees for it. Go to restaurant for date night!
Stopped here for the awful Steeler game yesterday afternoon after we couldn't get into the door at Piper's Pub. It was really empty. Of course still a good draft list-ordered a Green flash west coast IPA. On this visit my boyfriend and I split an order of the poutine and a dozen tikka masala wings. I had never had the wings there before but the sauce was off the chain and most of the wings were very meaty. The sauce wasn't overly spicy either. The poutine was pretty good, the gravy was not as salty as the gravy at Station Street. Service at the bar was efficient and friendly too. This is always a stellar spot to grab a quick bite when in the south side.
Terrible service. Please do all of the people who are stuck with this crappy company a favor and don't even consider them. They are very undependable and unpleasant to talk to. I got switched over from security networks and no one even said anything to me or sent us any info. I had activated a new card so my auto-pay would not work and I was sent a bill from Security Networks and sent back a check and updated payment info as soon as I received it. The excuse they gave me for not receiving this check for 4 weeks was because my account was switched over to Monitronics last Friday. So, why has Monotronics been calling my husband every other day for the past 2 weeks and telling him we have a balance due? This company is extremely unreliable and will make up any excuse and even argue with you to keep your money. If I want out I have to pay $1800 so I'm stuck for 36 months over-paying for a simple service. I wish I would have done more research as a first-time homeowner but hopefully someone will read this and learn from my mistakes.\n\nThis company does not deserve a good reputation so let's save others from getting caught up in this trap.
LOVE going into Bombshell for shakes or even to take one of the free fitness classes they offer! Eveyone is always so friendly no matter what time of day (tons of energy). I highly suggest stopping in for a meal replacement shake (over 50 different flavor combinations) or take a free fitness class!!!!
Needed Antibiotics while on vacation. Called Dr. Logan and he was able to diagnose and prescribe me with what I needed in under 2 hours. Called in the prescription to a Walgreens across the street and I had the antibiotics 30 minutes later! All over the phone, super quick.. super easy.. and at a VERY reasonable price.
This review is a bit overdue but I realized I should leave a review on how frustrating verizon makes every process. \n\nI made the huge mistake of taking my phone to the river. I had a Galaxy S3 with a Bluetooth speaker I bought online, and which was waterproof unlike my phone. I put my phone in a couple Ziploc bags, which ended up being fruitless as the bags got water in them and my phone died. I put it in a bag of rice overnight but that didn't fix it. \n\nI pay for the damage protection plan so I called this store since they are closest and told them my situation. They instructed me to come in so they could take a look.\n\nI arrived and per usual they were moderately busy. I put in my spot in line and waited about 15 minutes which wasn't a huge deal. After waiting one of the "specialist" came over and asked me for my name. Once he confirmed that I was who was waiting, he gave me a card and told me to call or go online with that. I asked him if I could do this in the store. He said no. I then asked why I was told to come in, he didn't know either. \n\nWaste of my time and the situation didn't feel like they didn't even care because I wasnt buying anything from them.\n\nI wish there was a 5 star verizon store.
This place is amazing when I bring all my family here we always leave super happy and full. I would definitely recommend this for anyone that's looking for ice cream gelato fresh cookies and desserts has to make really good shakes the owner is really nice and treats as well every time we come in and employees are super friendly and attentive
I usually do not do reviews , but I was so pleased I felt this needs to be done. I was really skeptical on chosing a company to come and check out my A\/C unit without my husband being home. I do not understand a thing when it comes to stuff like this  But Mike H made me feel at ease , he took his time to explain to me what it was my A\/C needed and why . He seemed to be very educated in his field of profession , very good communication skills and hospitality goes a looonnggg way with me . My A\/C is working the best it ever has . And I didn't feel like I was being scammed . Mike H  is cool just like my house is . Emergency air thank you so much
I've been back a few times since my last review and my opinion is the same. It's average food with a local spin on Denny's breakfast menu. Someone compared it to the Pork Store in SF and I'd have to say that's a pretty close comparison. They also mentioned Mama's in SF and I'd have to say The Egg and I is not as nice and not as tasty. One things for sure, I'd choose Hash House a Go Go in Vegas any day over this place.
Stay away from this restaurant. They use too much food color in their curries. Food coloring is carcinogenic. Save your health.......
If I could leave no stars I would.  They won't even answer their phone for takeout.  I called three times and was hung up on. \nKeep up the good work, Edgewood!
As a local I'm highly disappointed in this place. Beautiful concept BUT the service is horrible, food isn't good, and not enough experienced people. This is my first and last time
Out of all my years visiting Vegas, Rio has always been a hotel of choice for their friendly dealers and front desk staff.  This past experience I had with Rio was heartbroken.  I am sad to say the Rio will no longer be my hotel of choice.  I arrived and checked in around 6:30PM and housekeeping barely finished cleaning my room.  One of the towels was not folded and hang correctly and so I got a little skeptic and started checking the room.  I opened the mini bar and sure enough there were half emptied bottles and the bottles were not in placed.  I asked my boyfriend to take a picture of the bar and I called front desk.  I told the female representative about the situation and asked her to make a note of what's going on.  I asked if someone needs to come up to the room to verify we did not touched anything and she said it was not necessary and she will make a note of it.  I made sure when I checked out I was only supposed to pay for the amount that was agreed and sure enough she said that was all she's shown I needed to pay.  When my billing statement came, I saw an additional transaction that tripled my other transaction.  Of course the first thing I did was call Rio to see what was going on.  I spoke with a female representative name Marie and she said she's shown I was only supposed to be charged the amount that I recognized.  She provided me with another phone number to call but said they're not available until Monday to help me out.  I don't know what's going on with management at the Rio.  I have been a loyal customer for years and my family as well but this is not a very honest way to run a business, especially such a big business.  Everyone, be careful.\n\nUPDATE:  Apparently the Rio charges my card because a different hotel guest shared the same last name.  Come on Rio!
This restaurant is representative of many things which drew my wife and I together while we were dating.  Being that we both possess wine palates on the higher end of intermediate and that we both possess a love for fine dinning and edgier epicurean concepts, we naturally thought the world of Barrington's.\n\nIt's exactly what you would expect from Chef Bruce Moffett.  A bit more intimate that one would think but this only adds to the exclusivity of the establishment and thereby maintains the integrity of the dishes.  This also means that you should make reservations (although walk-in's are completely possible, I wouldn't stake my dinner on it).  There is a limited menu which varies based on the availability of the ingredients in a given period.  There's also some credence given to ingredients being "locally grown" (which is a huge trend in Charlotte).\n\nMy wife and I both opted for a 4-course experience and, as usual, we were sure to deliberately differentiate our selection. This way we could sample most of the menu for its conceptual originality (or tradionality) as well as its overall quality and plating.\n\nEverything was tremendous! by far the best fine-dinning cuisine in CharTown.  The wine list was a nice compliment to the meal (not too many of the usual suspects but nothing too allocated).  There are many other choices to be had in Charlotte, but mostly along the lines of chain-concepts and none have the originality or the individual flare that Moffett brings to the table.
Gabriel, the owner, showed up at my house on time, diagnosed the problem, needed a part, left for 45 minutes, came back and fixed the problem at a reasonable price, in my 130 degree+ garage.  This is good business... Why can't more contractors do business this way.  Thank you for being hard-working, dependable, and honest.
My wife is from Ecuador and I lived there for years as well - the menu was huge and the quality  of service and food was excellent.  If you like house made hot sauce, ask for their house made salsa picante.  My wife loved the experience; don't let the store front fool you - they have soccer matches on as well and the whole experience takes you back South America.
When we used to live closer this was our go to chinese spot. To be honest we stopped coming because the service and a particular waitress was just so rude. Happy to announce the salty gal is gone! We've moved closer to galleria and that's one of the reasons it's been a while but something about Hawaiian style food is just comforting. Ive spent a lot of time in Hawaii with family and the food there is different. Everything is island style and wo fat is just that. Island style chinese food. Lunch specials are pretty good with decent portions. I love the cau gee and the oyster sauce chicken. Whole crispy chicken smothered in a savory oyster sauce. Other go to items are cold ginger chicken a local favorite in Hawaii. This last visit we ordered the Mongolian beef which usually I like but I wasn't a fan of it here. Don't let the neighborhood or interior scare you. Wo fat is a LOCAL favorite.
Everything we've tried is very good. Menu a little limited but so far excellent.  Would love if they were open more often.
This is a nice spot in the City. The food was really good and had a  unique flare. However, the server needed to be much more personable. By the end of our meal our babbling baby forced her to crack a smile. \n\nWill definitely go back
This place reminds me of an old mansion. Friday nights are packed in here. The music is top 40 and the beer and drink menus and pricing are on par with other clubs in this area. 4 stars because of the service and atmosphere. At the end of the night the bar gives out free food (it  varies between things like subs and pancakes. Good looking crowd and overall  a fun place.
My wife's car had very noisy brakes. I assumed I would need brake pads and roters. Charlie and team checked them out, cleaned them up and advised me I did not need to replace any parts. No charge. It is this type of fast, honest service that will keep me coming back over and over.
I have 2 Kessler Saxophones ( alto and soprano). Excellent value for money. I visited the store 2 years ago and met the staff, very knowledgeable and helpful.
Sundays breakfast visit to the Jack in the box on Pineville Matthews Road was a cluster screw up.  I came inside (since I've learned that  sitting for 20 minutes in a drive thru line with only 2 cars ahead of me does not start my day off in the right way. )\n\nThere were 2 other folks standing around waiting for their orders to come out when I arrived.  Once placing my order I have to admit I was expecting a wait ... perhaps even a bit of a wait since there were folks waiting.  \n\nThere were at least 4 employees working. \n2 on the drive thru and one on the front counter and one behind the line preparing food.  One of the employees was continually making snippety comments to another employee ... we were all hoping they were joking and not quarreling in front of us.  It was so bad - I felt uncomfortable! \n\nThen the unthinkable happened... my order came up before the other two customers who had both been waiting for quite awhile. \n\nI apologized to them both & did the only thing I knew to do .... run !  Thankfully I got my food ! Those other two folks may still be there waiting...\nJack in the Box Pineville is a mess ...
This place has by far the best BBQ! The customer service was excellent and Mama was the best! Try the meat loaf!!!
The stylists do a wonderful job. Show a pic of what you want and you won't be disappointed! Very Friendly. Beautifully set up for comfort while waiting. One downside: they double book, so an hour appointment takes 2. Be prepared to spend some time there, but it's worth it!
The best place in Sun Prairie for pizza.  I absolutely love the bar.  The bartenders are attentive and crafty with the cocktails.  They have rotating craft beer draft selections.  I've tried various pizza from  the menu, wood fired type pizza and fresh toppings. I can taste the difference with this pizza.  In my opinion it is worth the price of the pies which is a little more than some places in the area. Recommend highly!
Great company. I highly recommend Jeff.  We have been using his company for over 20 years. They do a great job cleaning carpet and tile.
I'm glad they offer vegan options, although I wish they would state them on the regular menu instead of making you ask for a special tiny menu. It's a bit awkward. Also awkward, was getting my own plates, since they all had to be modified to be made vegan, instead of sharing with my friends. Of course, I guess that is because of the restaurant style, not this particular restaurant. Obviously I'd go to an all-vegan small plates place if I had the choice! Anyways, on to the food. I had the vegan versions of the hummus and pita, black bean sliders, and green beans. It was way too much food, even though they suggested 3 plates per person. But it was all very good! I especially liked the flavor of the sliders. The drinks were good too, and our server was great. All in all, not worth the money, but the food was good.
We are moving our stuff into a POD for 6 months while our new house is being built. This entails only needing movers to move the heavy stuff down our stairs and into our POD parked in the driveway. Most moving companies were quoting me some ridiculous numbers for something that would only take 1 to 2 hours, tops. \n\nWhen I called here, the quote was adjusted lower because I wouldn't be needing movers for long and I wouldn't be needing them to drive my stuff anywhere. The price was very fair. The day before our move, the owner called to confirm the reservation and give me a heads up on some details...then! Gave me the opportunity to ask if I had any questions. This impressed me again!\n\nThe movers were early! And fast! And gentle with our stuff. We will definitely be using Smooth Transition again come September. Great job! The owner cares and that really shows.
Love Lish nails! The staff and owners are so nice. My mom and I come here every other weekend because we genuinely like it. I have never been to a nail salon so clean. They open up a new package of tools every visit and use a new liner for the tub with every pedi. The owners Levi and Thao always make sure the customers are happy and have water lol. One time me and my mom were waiting a while and Levi offered us a coupon for a complimentary ice cream from Baskin Robbins :)
I just used SuperShuttle in Phoenix. I reserved a non-stop ride online. Even though my flight was delayed by 45 minutes, the shuttle arrived within 10 minutes of checking in with SuperShuttle. Great service!
I had gotten sat at a small table next to the kitchen. When it comes to breakfast, I really care about how the potatoes are done just as much as the rest of the meal. I did not enjoy the potatoes as it was over seasoned. Considering that was what was covering most of the plate it was disappointing. The food is just ok, nothing spectacular. The servers were kind and attentive, but it's not enough for me to come back.
i went to arrowhead health center for my ostro-arthritis. i was told by dr. kentg d. vosler that i needed braces.  adrenne in the brace department told me my insurance would pay for this.  now they want $1,700 and also had down $7,000 for braces. i called the company that makes the braces and was told that the insurance price is $1,200 to 1,735 and cash from me should be $605.oo.  i think this is way out of hand.  i would be very careful with dealing with these people.  they have no right to demand such a great amount.  i believe they should rethink what they are trying to charge people.  i will take this up further with other people that will be able to help get this settled.
Before we even arrived in Vegas, my friend let me know that he had made reservations here for Saturday night. I was skeptical. Call be biased or snobby, but I don't like to pay a lot for Asian food when I can get amazing food in Chinatown for half the price. \n\nBut I went along with it anyway. \n\nWe arrived a few minutes before our 7:45pm reservation. My friend (who knows more about the NBA than anyone I've ever met) caught sight of a small sign sitting outside the restaurant. The poster showed a just a pair of eyes and some small text. Of course, my friend recognized right away that these were no ordinary eyes. These were Lebron James's eyes. He read the sign with urgency. Turns out, Lebron was going to make an appearance at Tao Nightclub after eating at Tao Asian Bistro. My friend almost fell over with excitement. "I don't care what it costs, that's where we are going afterwards." I laughed and agreed that we would inquire. \n\nWe walked through the hall of little basins filled with water and rose petals, and the hostess welcomed us immediately. \n\nShe walked us through the restaurant, which is dimly lit and has a huge Buddha on the first floor. The ceiling is decorated with large canvases of calligraphy writing. Stunning displays of portraiture line the back wall and restroom hallway. The hostess seated us on the second floor. The ambiance was just the right combination of bustling, formal\/casual, and you know, that Vegas "je ne sais quoi". \n\nOur waiter appeared promptly. He gave excellent cocktail and entree suggestions, and when asked, informed us that I (as a lady) would get in free to the Lebron party, and my friend would pay about $25. Which I'm sure was deeply discounted. Not only that, but we got stamps on our wrists to bypass the line. \n\nI ordered the blueberry\/pomegranate martini and it was delicious. My friend loved the Orient Express (a coffee-based martini). The tuna tartare was amazing, and I ordered the special (which was a short rib udon). The food blew our expectations away. Sure, it's a VERY expensive meal, but it's Las Vegas. \n\nI thought they did an excellent job of offering a fusion selection that didn't over-complicate. They stayed true to Asian flavors and I liked that. \n\nThe service was hands down the best we experienced in Las Vegas. The chocolate fortune cookies at the end of the meal gave us fortunes that were hilarious, full of sexual innuendo, and right on point. \n\nI would definitely recommend Tao. Our meal was pretty much flawless, outside of the $5 bowl of jasmine rice (really? five dollars? it was perfect rice, but come on, I can feed a family for a month with $5 worth of rice). More to come when I write up the review of the Lebron party at the Tao Nightclub.
My favorite brewery in Tempe. The staff is totally friendly and knowledgeable. I love that atmosphere and how the inside and outside seating merge. Some of my favorite beers are the Sunbru and Arizona Peach, they are refreshing and crisp and perfect for Arizona. \n\nWhat is surprising about this brewery is their food is really excellent too. The Bavarian pretzels and spanakopita exceed the expectations for a bar by far. \n\nThe only complaint I have manifested at my birthday gathering on the patio a few months ago. There were roaches EVERYWHERE, it was like nothing I have experienced, everyone had their feet on their chairs and conversation was regularly interrupted by someone screeching. I even felt a few crawl over my feet. Our server was none too concerned as she never acknowledged what was obviously the problem but I chalk that up to how busy the restaurant was, and the fact that they have to already be aware of their little friends. \n\nThis is Tempe where everyone knows roaches are abundant and it was on the patio, far from inside seating and the kitchen so I am far from writing this place off but they may want to consider an exterminator.
The park is a fun place with awesome decor. Tried their southwestern chx salad as a wrap and it did not disappoint. Adriana was our server she was attentive and personable. Will definitely be back to try out the beer wall!
Had really good soup for lunch. Great price and it comes with a little baguette that's really good. Cannolis are to die for made to order.  My husband gets mad if I don't bring him one (actually 3) home. My vegetarian daughter loves the spinach and feta cheese rolls. They are huge.
I actually met the owner at other local family owned restaurant, who gave me a tour of his flower shop. A huge freezer room and huge place full of gifts and flowers. It's very nice to see some local family owned business doing well and still giving back to the local community. \n\nSupport local businesses is one thing, offering quality products and services is another. They put those two together very well. I would not have second thought when I order the flower from local shop. They even have online store that you can place order from pretty much anywhere in Arizona or even out of state. They will take care of you! I have never heard about flower happy hour and free flower on Fridays. They have coupon for that at http:\/\/www.smartlocalshoppers.com\/store\/view\/promotions\/1055\/\n\nAfter all, they really know how to communicate with local community. Many local businesses I met are already their customers. It's a small world, but Bobbie's flowers and gift shop makes it a wonderful world.\n\nI totally recommend!
Anna is the first barber I have ever continuously trusted.  She always cuts my hair perfectly.  She is beyond meticulous. I won't be going anywhere else.  I 100% recommend her.
Service is ok. Food is ok.  None of the cooks have any personality or small. They are no fun
This was my first non-Madison outing since moving west. If every place after follows suite, it'll be a good thing.  The staff here was the selling point, as the servers and bartenders all had great personality. They do a great job with showing Badger love on all the televisions around the bar, and just about every seat has a view. \n\nBeer selection is pretty great among the taps, and typical townie options are available in the cooler. Cocktail pricing is pretty decent. I don't think $6 is too much for an old fashioned, but that's just me I suppose. \n\nWe've done pizzas, burgers, sandwiches and the fish fry here. Everything has been good. Nothing screams out to rush back, but we didn't have any complaints about anything we've eaten or drank. I'm perfectly happy to have a consistent middle ground near home, so we'll keep at it and see if things get better as we go.
They're pricey but u get what u pay for. If u wear Designer Shoes\/bags\/accessories, they can do it all. Red Rubber bottoms for a non-slip grip. Paint touch ups. Broken heels, honey, they do it ALL. I'd expect to pay upwards to $100 to repair and maintain a $1000 pair of shoes . I took 2 pair of shoes and a handbag for repairs and surprisingly they even handle Exotic Animal Skins like Python!
Went here for restaurant week and enjoyed the 9 oz pork while my date had the Salmon. \n\n\nBoth plates were prepared deliciously and the hot rolls they bring you are just delicious. \n\nThe service was as expected of a higher end joint and the tables were cleared immediately after courses were completed. \n\n\nI was very satisfied with my experience here.
Its McDonalds, what is there really to say!! \nThis location could potentially get 5 stars but its always always\nbusy!! \nNot sure how much of it is slowness behind the counter or just being \nlegitimately busy. \nEither way, I live close so this is typically my mcdonalds of choice!
Matt was great. Honestly... never even saw or met him in person. We talked about price via text, he went out and measured, set the time frame expectation and boom it was done. Paid with an invoice he sent.
Vacation Planning Company was very good and helpful. I am glad that I found them as I was so lost planning my vacation. Jonathan was reading my mind and gave options that really worked for me as a mom of two. It was as all inclusive and the amazing thing is that my kids had play time and were good taken care of while I got to enjoy the me time. Thank you Jonathan for everything.
First and foremost, they get points simply for being open 7 days a week until a reasonable hour. What is up with places closing at 6 on Sundays? Who's done eating by 6? Sometimes I haven't even had breakfast by 6.\n\nI am a huge fan of their Dinner Specials. You get an egg roll, soup, an entree, and a fortune cookie for under $10. Mine usually lasts me at least 2 days- that is, if I don't end up eating the leftovers the same night. (How do you distinguish between eating leftovers, and just taking a breather? How much time needs to pass between meals?)\n\nI also, as a general hater of restaurant websites, find their website pleasantly well-organized and informative. Hours, location, menu, types of payment, tasty pictures of food, and printable coupons. Winning. They do deliver, but since I can see their building from my front door, I pick up. It's about a 7-minute walk and they always have my food ready to go by the time I get there. The only down side is I can't eat my egg drop soup on my 7-minute walk back home.
OK, I know I said never again, but I really wanted one of their baked potatoes - I figured, they can't mess up a baked potato - right?   My husband and I arrived just before 5pm, since they don't serve them until 5.  We sat at the bar as I did two years ago when I last tried eaging here.  I really didn't think I would ever eat here again due to the really poor experiences during my limited visits over the past few years.  News flash - you can mess up a baked potato.  Houston's, please make note of this.  \n\nWhen our potatoes arrived, I was enjoying a truly lovely glass of ZD Chardonnay.  Our potatoes were nicely loaded, and accompanied by extra bacon and chives.  We dived in, prepared to be fully satisfied.  The potatoes never got good.  I couldn't figure out what was ruining the experience for awhile.  The toppings were as great as ever... It finally hit me as we drove home feeling less than satisfied.  The potatoes were extremely dry and grainy - there was none of the anticipated creaminess to the potatoes.  They were overcooked.  At 5pm, they were overcooked.  Even butter (which I don't usually have), sour cream and cheese couldn't fix overcooked.\n\nNote to self, REALLY, never again.  Over the past few years, Houston's has been hit or miss for others as well.  This is not just me.  Sad since I literally used to eat here several times a week in spite of the expense.   Houston's used to have a great menu that they executed PERFECTLY - every single time.  I track the downward trend to the point at which they decided that it made sense to add sushi to their menu - something that they didn't do well at all.  The transition in Phoenix from Houston's to Hillstone, though subtle, left me with no interest in returning there after a few tries.  Banderas in Old Town Scottsdale lost its footing at about the same time in terms of long standing customers. \n\nREALLY, Never Again.
The food here is really good, it is a little pricey, $9.50 for just the pasties without any sides. However the pasties are a good size and usually fill me up. I suggest the Peppered Steak, it is by far my favorite so far. The service gets kinda slacked as the place fills up. Seems like the servers are more interested in the big parties with a high bar bill. All in all its a decent place, the atmosphere is very chill and a little dark. Definitely has the pub feel.
I never considered waxing until I was getting ready for my destination wedding.  My first trip to Velvet was terrifying...I was sure it was going to be so awkward and hurt like hell.  I had a velvet and underarms done...and it was underwhelming...in a very good way.  In fact after my appointment I went home to wax my fiancés back with the microwave stuff from Target (he would kill me if he knew I put this on yelp), and after one swipe that nearly ripped his skin off, I insisted that we get right back in the car and go to Velvet...so we did!  He was as pleasantly surprised at his experience as I was!\n\nThe studio is vintage chic in design, somewhere I would love to sit and lounge and people watch.  The staff is so professional, quick, and thoughtful.  Nothing was awkward at all and nothing hurt...for real.  I now go back before a trip \/ vacation and am so happy I found Velvet...I've heard horror stories about other waxing experiences so take it from me, go somewhere reputable!
LADIES...be prepared to climb 8+ flight of stairs with your heels on to get into this place! I'm not kidding! No prize either when you finally get in. It's crowded, jam packed chaos. Filthy, sticky, slippery floors everywhere. If a drink spills on floor there is no one cleaning it up. Small dance floor in main room, tiny dance floor in basement room. Walkways are overflowing with crowds.  I can't even understand how they get away with packing in THOUSANDS  of people in here. It's definitely not fire code safe. I would never, ever return and do not recommend, unless you like to feel like you belong to a herd of animals!
This isn't your basic homeowners lumber store. The pros come here for gade A lumber and everything else you need to construct a home or building. Awesome customer service they really know their stuff.
HORRIBLE! Owned by 3 sisters 2 of them are great but one has no business with customers! I have been to this spot several times (even though the food is blah) it is local for me and they could have had a customer for life BUT one sister blew it for them all. She knows who she is. I went there with a girlfriend on a Friday night- We both ate and had a drink. When the second round of drinks came they were not like the first and nasty strong and missing a key ingredient. We both took a sip and were disgusted. Normally I would appreciate a stiff drink but it wasnt that kind of party and it tasted horrible. When the bill came, I gave my card to pay and asked the server (which was sweet by the way) to take the 2 undrinkable drinks off the bill ($12) she brought the evil sister out that said she would not but she would remake them. I told her I was good and needed to get home. I pretty much pleaded with her for a refund and she kept refusing. I take it a little more personal since I was a bartender and server for yeaaaaars. She wouldn't budge. She offered me a coupon to return at a later time and I said that I didn't want to return if she couldn't refund the $12 for the nasty drinks that we didn't drink. So she ripped up the coupon in my face! She told me to leave before she called the cops! WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! Never again will I be back! Over $12 now she gets a yelp from me and I will make sure none of my friends return. So sad....
Awesome !! You will not be disappointed! While certainly not the most expensive meal we ate while in Las Vegas, it was the best we had!
Very disappointed,  had the grilled chicken taco and Carne asada taco , very little meat and the taco shells were tiny. Chips and salsa, chips very blah, salsa too sweet. Server was very apologetic but will never be back.
They execute their bread and pastries at the absolute highest level. Many people in my hometown, Ann Arbor, and nationwide swoon about Zingerman's bakehouse, but Madison Sourdough is far superior in its bread and pastries. I have only tried a couple of things from the lunch menu but it was first rate as well
Stay away!! You have been warned. This should have been my red light but I insisted. When I drove up to this place the two young girls where arguing with a customer in a red mustang. Do not know what happen so I went on getting my car wash. 8 cars in front of me and the young girls that where giving tickets said it would be 2 1\/2 hrs do to short staff even with the staff they have it should have been 1 1\/2 HR but I guess. I said that's fine. The ticket girls look like sisters by the way. I went to gamble next door like I usually do. 45 minutes in I see my truck parked in the front getting dried of. So I walk out side to take a look and my truck was not washed it was dirty just like I drove it in and the young kid was spraying and drying it while dirt was still on my truck. I told the kid to stop what he was doing and grab a manager. Cashier comes out to see what the problem was and I told her look at my truck it was still dirty. She said they where not done with it. I asked her with some commonsense you think he should finish wiping my truck when it still muddy? She said well?! I stoped her and asked for my money back. She said no cash refunds and I asked where is that posted up on please show me. Then she said only card refunds, I said perfect I paid with card. We go to her cash register and I asked how long does it take for the refund to transfer back. She took cash out and said she doesn't know how to do it so she was going to give me cash. Lol.... I ask do you wanna show the manager my truck she said no need to I said ok. I walk out took pictures Of my truck and all the scratches they left. So expect a call from me soon. If I can give negative number I would. Four months ago that place was ok! Don't know what happened. Never will I go back.
Great beer selection - food was better than I remembered
I have a 1991 Ford Festiva...and a great mechanic that keeps her running. That is how I would describe Micki. With her knowledge of the human body, she has helped me to move forward in life...before and after my two spine surgeries. Micki is the only person I allow to touch me. I TRUST HER IMPLICITLY! After a session with her, my mood changes...you can FEEL the LOVE as her hands work magically and knowingly over your body. She has created a stress-free zone that is felt as soon as you walk into her space. I have sent my mother to her, after she recovered from breaking her femur and hip, and my mom comes back rejuvenated and happy. I could go on and on, but to sum it up...Micki is seriously the real deal. Knowledgeable, caring, professional, and sincere. Enjoy the massage, you can thank me later.
BAD BAD! I was there yesterday for a pre-employment screening, first of all when i got there, the front desk was empty and nobody cared to ask what I needed. I took a seat and 10min later someone else comes and goes to the front desk and they put their names on a list, then i figured i needed to put my name, even tho i put i was there BEFORE them (because they ask the hour on the paper) i was not taken-in until after them. \n\nLike 40min after i arrived it was my time to go in and the not friendly lady asks me to put my purse on a box, and my purse didnt fit, she tells me i cant leave it on the counter or outside unless someone takes care of it for me, so i had to walk to my car put it in and  when i got back i waited for another moment, after that the lady took my sample and she seemed very bitter, which is "understanble" up to one point because they must deal with a lot of cranky drug users, but anyways i dont think is the way to do it.\n\nLong history short i waited like 1 hour, worst customer service ever, not friendly, never coming back!
This is probably the BEST Persian food I've had...when I first encountered it about 5 years ago, the Koobideh was so amazing, very juicy and full of life! Now, unfortunately its become a little dry, but still excellent!\n\nThe portion sizes are great, and the service is okay, but more than make up for it with the quality of the food! :)\n\nTry a cup of tea after dinner...it will hit the spot!
I went for lunch since it is walking distance from the office. I had been craving a Italian Sub. It was pretty good. It had fresh bread and was enough of a meal for a big guy, I will be going back to taste the pasta. I recommend it!
We were over visiting from Newport Beach, CA and read the reviews on Yelp.  There is a reason this restaurant is highly rated.  The food is excellent and the hospitality offered by Mustafa, the owner of this establishment, was as if he had invited us to his home.  This is a rarity to be served, what is basically home cooked food, in a sit down casual restaurant.  We had soup, gyros, and baba ghanoush, all spectacular.  This is truly a family owned restaurant where you are treated like family.\n\nCan't speak highly enough about this experience.  Highly recommended!
I've been to many El Pollo Locos. This one is one of the best. It's clean and modern. The employees are friendly and fast. The food is fresh and tastes great. Awesome. I recommend this place.
Took my two boys here for the first time today. Adam was great with them! They both loved him and the traditional barbershop feel (there's even a spinning pole outside!) \nGreat atmosphere, great haircut, great price.
Hookahs where tasty but I didn't get the smoke I wanted out of it, it was hitting real light and I kept flagging down the staff to fix it , the customer service was awesome but the prices and quality of the items were a bit iffy
I hate to do this because this place was my favorite. My friend and I who hasn't gone there in a few months decided to go since we wanted some good French toast. We get there, seat ourselves (per usual) this guy comes to our table, can't speak a word of English and is trying to take our drink order. He repeats it wrong like twice and we just looked at each other. He says to "hold on" then a girl comes, she can speak English but not very well. She was really nice and tried her best. I got water and my friend got an iced coffee. She brings the drinks and my friends coffee has a giant spoon in it. It's coffee, not a milk shake. I order my food. I get the French toast special and order my eggs "basted". She comes out with my food and my eggs are so runny and undercooked it was disgusting. I showed the server and she says "okay let me have them make you new ones" she comes out later, puts the new plate of eggs on the table and I kid you not, the eggs were so over cooked it looked like a hard boiled egg. Like was that supposed to be a "screw you" from the chef?! I was so tired of complaining I just didn't even say anything and took them like that. I won't go back anytime soon.
Sweet Spot.......NO it's not!\n\nC'mon, it's pink. It's got ice cream inside. It's retro. Everything here screams "this place is Tubular, Hip, Rad, Cool, Tight, Phat" So whats the deal?\n First off, I was under the impression they had homemade ice cream. They don't. It's Dreyers. With canned whipped toppings, canned cherries, canned sauces.....nothing here is unique!  Aha, besides the decor! I blew through 1500 calories + for garbage. I was very dissapointed. So let me get on to the dish I had. I ate half of "The Top Hat". Described as a creampuff stuffed with rich vanilla ice cream and covered with hot chocolate. Sounds good doesn't it? The cream puff shell which should be light and fluffy with a "slight" pull was extremely tough, flavorless, dry and I am assuming old! How can they even call it a cream puff when the best part (the cream) is non existent? So my dry ball was filled with Dreyers ice cream. Not good. \n We actually ate lunch first. They have an "American" menu. Egg Salad, BLT, Burgers, Tuna, Grilled Cheese etc.... . The problem is nothing was good. I ordered a patty melt. The burger was tasteless and very, very  small. Id say about the size patty you would find on a Mcdonalds Kids Cheeseburger. The Kicker....No fries. No Fries? What the Fuck? Chips?Stick these chips in some ice cream and get creative. Daughter had a BLT, two strips, yes, two strips of bacon on wonder bread. Coleslaw was the WORST I HAVE EVER HAD! This place just sucks. Huge upset for a place I was really looking forward to. I try to review the food as much as possible but I have to say this about the service. SSLLOOWW! We had a group of 8 and our waitress could only bring out 2 drinks at a time. 4 damn trips to just get our drinks. They charge for refills too! I guess that is how they keep that nostalgic feel because restaurants have not been charging refills since the days of the flood!
Ann was extremely professional and welcoming. She was able to get me in for a consult and subsequent appointment immediately and was extremely flexible to accommodate my schedule and work hours. Her office was immaculate - extremely clean and also comfortable and private. Ann puts you at ease right away and does an exceptional job with hair removal. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a permanent and safe hair removal system!
I think this might be the best overall buffet I've ever been to. Yes, that's a bold statement. They have a huge variety of all the food I love to eat. Seafood is plentiful and fresh(-ish). They had really interesting food stations compared to other buffets. Instead of a generic "Asian" section they had separate sushi vs dim sum section and a make your own ramen section. They had the typical meat station with rotisserie chicken and prime rib, and on top of that they had a really aggressive street taco guy. He tried really hard to get me to take 3 tacos, but I looked him in the eye and he finally gave me one. \n\nHere's a weird thing about the bread. The bread display looked suspiciously like the bread display at Guy Savoy. Could they have the same baker? I hope not. \n\nThe only thing I was truly disappointed in was the dessert bar. Nothing was particularly good, and nothing set it apart from other dessert bars. Some of the pastries were mediocre. They have scoop serve gelato, which is a step above an ice cream machine I guess. \n\nThe only thing(s) horrible about the buffet is the wait. I call BS on the pager system. Like other restaurants, it's a pager to tell you when to get in line. So you still end up waiting forever and a day for it.
This is an amazing company that will make home buying a breeze. I am a first time home buyer, and they have set the bar very high. I would highly recommend using their services.
My husband and I always pass Brio and talk about going there one day for dinner. Tonight we finally had dinner here and we were happy with everything!! Customer service and the food was awesome, the atmosphere was a plus!! We'll will most definitely be back.
Last night was my third sampling of Soul Sushi and every time it has been 5 stars!\n\nAfter years of trying to find good, well priced sushi in Edinburgh I am so happy to have found this place. They are a delivery only company but that means you can have amazing sushi delivered straight to your door. Their menu offers several platters, boxes and rolls as well as sashimi. \n\nWe go for the land and sea platter most of the time. This is a 36 piece platter featuring a variety of fish and vegetable rolls and nigiri. The platters change daily to what is fresh and what the chef wants to prepare. The food arrives beautifully presented and is always freshly made. \n\nLast night the four of us shared 2 platters and a tuna box, all for £16 each. It would be at least double that in a restaurant. \n\nIt is devoured in minutes and we slump into a sushi induced coma, content and happy.\n\nGo people! Eat sushi!!!\n\nCheers, Amy
I had to return and pick up a bag from McCarran Airport in the middle of my short Vegas vacation. The first yellow cab driver was nice, not too overly friendly or chatty. The fare from Linq hotel to the airport costed me $16.75. $20 took care of the fare and tip. Returning to the same hotel from the airport costed us almost $30. Solomon Tesfagaber took us the long and slow way to hustle more money out of us. He was the overly friendly and chatty driver who asked us if we wanted to take the freeway or no freeway. When my husband responded "you are the driver. The fastest way." \nWhat other reason this guy Solomon had other than hustling us by asking a couple of tourists which way for already a short 7 minute ride to hotel from the airport. \nMy husband was vey vocal about this ride (soon as he took us to tunnels and freeway, my ex-cabbie husband knew what he was up to) and made this ride very uncomfortable for the driver.
They serve up a great slice of pizza. During my last visit to Pittsburgh I ate there three days in a row, one of those days I ate there twice. You will never needs to order extra cheese, I don't even know if you can, because the cheese is just right. It will come off the pizza if you don't take a bite like a man so be warned. Also, it is hot out of the oven so those with dainty mouths needs to give it a second.\n\nI would recommend getting a canoli from next door while you wait because they are legit.
My BF and I went for an early dinner after his friend recommended this place. We were able to enjoy the nice outdoor patio since it was a sunny afternoon. We both got flights with (1, 3, 9, 12, 15, 18, 36, 38 .... see attached photos). 1 was easily our favorite!!! The fish and chips were mediocre, this place is better for beer than for food. The waitstaff was not the friendliest but it was a crowded afternoon so they were probably stressed. Huge beer selection!
I'm filling so bad to be the first one to make a first rew with one star. The girls works in the cashier come to my with very bad attitude.so I bought 5 meals for my friends and 3 drinks and 2 cups for water.i wanted to taste a drink and I used the water cup instead of the drink cup.she left the custemers and she came to me rite away to tell me that that's not water in the cup.so I said I just wanted to taste that drink before I fill my drink cup\nHer name was Chris and she was ruuuuuuuuude
We showed up on a Friday evening just before it got really busy. Our server was extremely friendly and even brought us a sample of the Cajun Combination which I ordered. It was delicious! I highly recommend this place for great Cajun food and a lovely atmosphere.
Tried this sandwich heaven due to countless recommendations by all who'd tried. Fantastic tasting filling sandwiches. Totally recommended! #BlackCamel
So many positives at dinner tonight!\n1. The restaurant accepts reservations.\n2. Our server was efficient, knowledgable and friendly.\n3. Everything tasted great - California chicken, Asiago crusted chicken, steak, French dip, pretzel app, etc. \n4. Pricing seems appropriate for portion size.\n5. Lots of side options instead of fries.\n6. Moscow mules were on special for $3 each!
We did our wedding ceremony here 3 weeks ago. After doing tons of research it became clear that this is by far the most beautiful place in the GTA to have an outdoor ceremony. The gazebo, lake, waterfall, and vegetation create an almost fairy-tale-like setting. The photos don't do justice, you have to see it for yourself!\n\nHaving said that I'm somewhat disappointed by the organization in this place. In this summer they do tons of ceremonies on the weekends, all back-to-back, and you really do feel like you're just another product on the conveyor belt. When our guests arrived there were no clear signs where to go (maybe because there were so many of them) and there was nobody on premises from the staff who I could ask for help. There were many other people on the grounds which created unneeded friction and there was a lot of pressure on us to wrap up the ceremony and vacate the gazebo promptly for the decorators from the next ceremony to step in.\n\nOverall absolutely gorgeous place but scheduling and mgmt needs work.
The sushi here is amazing!  I have never found a good sushi restaurant in Phoenix up until now.  We decided to order a few different specialty rolls and each one was fresh, tasty, and yummy especially the oh my god roll.  What's in it, you ask?  Order it and find out. you will definitely say "oh my god".  Find out why they named it that.  \n\nNow, one major weakness.  I saw that they have beef bulgogi on their menu.  I got excited that they had this.  Usually, bulgogi is a korean dish, but I was hungry and decided to order it as well.  Word of advice:  Don't.  It was really really chewy and rubbery for me.  \n\nStick to the sushi and you can't go wrong.
This walmart is soo bad and it allways smells the employes are not so good either but its a wallmart in the getto so ill give it 3 stars
Ok.  I've read a number of the reviews, and the first thing to say is - why would you go to a buffet and then be disappointed it's a buffet?  I mean. . .duh?\nOh, so your friends\/family\/someone else's fault dragged you here!  So what?  It's a buffet?  You had a choice, you could have said "no!"\n\nThe first time I went into a modern style buffet (wasn't a Hometown, but same concept), I knew that it had been conceived by a military mess NCO.  This is mess hall food. Food cooked en masse for a lot of hungry people at the same time.  When you cook eggs by the case, you don't get that personal chef touch, so you can't expect that cooked for you taste.  And so it goes for the rest of the food.\n\nThe bottom line - if you want a nice, quiet setting, with food cooked to your order, then DON'T GO TO A BUFFET, ANY BUFFET!\n\nAs buffets go, this is the best at which I've eaten!\n\nThe quality of the food and cooking is better by far than Hometown or any other in So Cal.  The selection is better and wider, and you actually can get steak cooked basically to order.  All you can eat steak, for $14!  It's not Claim Jumper or Outback, but then it's not $35 either. \n\nThe cleanliness is about what you would expect for a place that's constantly filled to capacity most of the day.  So far, each time I've been the seats and tables are wiped off and clean, and the plates, cups and utensils have all been clean.\n\nThe negative - well, the only problem I have, and it's the sole reason for four stars instead of five, is that although they make regular announcements over the speakers that children must have an adult with them at all times, they do not station employees to monitor the counters to enforce that rule on all the people who don't monitor their kids.  So small children are often getting their own food, and demonstrating exactly why they shouldn't be.\n\nI even had a small problem yesterday afternoon. It was a minor issue, but the manager handed me his business card with a coupon for a free dinner on my next visit.\n\nMy recommendation: if you're looking for a nice sit-down restaurant, go somewhere else - but if you want an all-you-can-eat buffet, this is the best!
My husband was looking for Milanesas. So, we came to this place since they were the only place in Scottsdale that I could find that had any on their menu.\n\nMy husband ordered Milanesas, with rice and beans.  I ordered a burrito and taco combo with carnitas.  The Milanesas were not cooked to order.  They were dry and brittle looking.  The meat was paper thin.  The beans were like Taco Bell beans; they were of a watery substance.  Their carnitas were boiled and tasteless.  My burrito had nothing BUT carnitas in it.  Who does that?!!They serve their combo meals with a side of lettuce and tomatoes with a dollop of mayonnaise.  Pretty strange if you ask me.  The only thing I enjoyed was the horchata.  Thaaaat's about it.  \n\nAfter going to a few places in Scottsdale, looking for AUTHENTIC Mexican food, I have officially given up.  The only reason I gave two stars is because the horchata was really good.  Other than that, the place is a hole in the wall FULL of flies.
Food: 8\/10 -- Value: 6\/10 -- Service: 7\/10 -- Ambiance\/Décor: 7\/10\n\n$15 for a piece of fried chicken and a drink is not worth it in my opinion. \n\nFirst of all, you can only order chicken and drinks. Don't be confused by their menus. Some items say "Coming Soon", some don't, but you still can't order any food items other than the chicken. I don't know what the timeline for the other things is. \n\nSEAWEED\n\nis a green powder. It tastes like seaweed and is nice in addition to the salt and pepper (S&P). I tried a bit of my friend's regular S&P and it was a little salty just on its own. There are a few seasoning options, but I didn't feel like they were obviously enough displayed. It was like fine print under the chicken. I only remember S&P, seaweed, and maybe spicy although I'm not sure about that last one. It's also unclear if you can have multiple because I asked for seaweed thinking I could only pick one, but my receipt said S&P and seaweed. Maybe S&P is the default.\n\nCHICKEN\n\nis hot and tastes pretty good, but I mean, it's just a giant piece of fried chicken. I was full with the chicken and drink. Full, but not stuffed.\n\nDRINKS - WHAT IS YOGURT?\n\nI feel like this is a question a lot of places need to answer. I had the green apple yogurt drink as part of the $15 combo and it tasted great. I love sour green apple. But I don't know what part of this was yogurt. Like a drop of yogurt? It was essentially a juice. But it tasted great though, albeit expensive. \n\nBEAT THE LUNCH RUSH BY 10 MINUTES\n\nThere wasn't a line at 11:50am, so we got to order immediately and while we ate in, people started to trickle in, but it didn't get unreasonably busy. The wait was mostly for the food preparation, which is under 10 minutes.\n\nI might come back to try some of their other fried things, but as is, the chicken or even the chicken and drink combo seem really expensive.
Great work Scott! Very satisfied with your work!! Scott is very professional and considerate towards the customers needs and concerns. Not to mention the ease of scheduling and flexibility of re-scheduling. Highly recommend them!
Pride weekend, beautiful weather evening, packed patio. \n\nSeated, waited 25 minutes for a person to acknowledge we were there while all along people were being served, even people who came in after us. We are patient people, however it was running thin, real thin. \nFinally a guy came, apologized and took our drink order....finally. At this point, I was checked out. I stayed with water but my partner ordered a drink. It was paid for by the server (nice). Food finally ordered, appetizers were out of this world amazing as usual. \nOrdered another drink (not me), it was forgotten about for a bit again. And came out wrong, stuff happens. \n\nIt seemed as though he place is not staffed with either enough people or people that really were all over the place. We were not the only couple, party that were complaining amongst ourselves. We will go back as we frequent here but the service needs HELP!
They over-cooked the Halibut in the special. Four people in our party that had it, spent 2 days with GI problems. The guacamole was more like a salad, than a dip. Big chunks with no creamy goodness. The only redeeming quality was the waiter was very nice. Will not go back.
Just had the worst experience with cab #6452. Not only was the air conditioning not working in the cab (which I'm pretty sure they are supposed to have available upon request), but when my stepmother asked for her change back, the driver tried to keep $4 tip for himself. Keep in mind, we went from the Forum shops to Aria without any suitcases, etc. I'm all about tipping when merited, but this was definitely not the case. Then, when my stepmother pressed him to give her back her money, he told her that we're in America and that she should speak English...which she was, albeit with an accent. I found this xenophobic comment quite ironic coming from him considering he was clearly an immigrant himself. Once we finally got our change, he topped it off by flipping us both off. Thank you Vegas Western for giving me more reason to stick with Uber.
The Liquid Room is a decent venue for watching a band but it wouldn't be my first choice as a bar to continue drinking in after the pubs close. Partly this is because they do not consistently have every beer\/cider or draught (my preference) and to often you need to fall back to a bottle.\n\nThis isn't that unusual for a live venue, but it is pretty poor for a bar\/club, it also isn't that cheap... Back on the plus side the sound system is decent and I have enjoyed the gigs I have seen here, but it feels like making do, simply because Edinburgh is so lacking in decent sized venues.\n\nIn short I would avoid the club nights, but am happy to go to a gig, so Liquid Room's gets a very middle of the road A-Ok from me.
Me and Jessie B were early for our evening shenanigans @ Blush so we stopped by Parasol Down for a drink. Well the drinks all sounded amazing. It was hard to decide but we did and we also ordered a couple of shots. Not only did they sound amazing..they were perfect! Such a great spot to chill out and do some people watching. Saturday night inVegas! I'm glad we stopped by. It was worth it.
Food is decent, but a bit on the pricey side. Bought a pork chop with rice for $10.50, what I got was mostly rice with a bit of pork chop on rice. Not sure I would go here again for this reason alone - for this price one is better off at Congee Queen.
I found a Groupon for a month of unlimited spinning for Studio 360 and so far I love it.  I didn't know how much I would like the "drop saddle" (standing most of the time) style but it works. Even though it will be awhile before I can even begin to keep up with the instructors (who are great) and sort of have to go at my own pace, each time I wind up completely drenched in sweat by the end and my fitness tracker said I'd burned 500-600 calories in an hour.  GREAT workout!  If I can do it, anyone can do it!
Good chicken wings in downtown Madison? Really? ...To be honest, I never actually thought about it. Prior to the arrival of this small-time chain to downtown Madison, all we had by way of decent wings was Buffalo Wild Wings. And I wouldn't even think of setting foot in that place ever again, because "decent" is a huge overstatement.\n\nYou're getting a lot more than that at Quaker Steak & Lube. The boneless chicken wings, for example, set a standard for chicken wings that I've never tasted before. The outside is fried to a perfect crispy texture that manages to avoid falling into that trap of being chewy and fatty, while still transcending your traditional fried chicken coating. \n\nThere's a variety of interesting sauces to try at this place, and since you can mix any number of them at no additional charge, there's no way you could run out of things to try. I decided to venture 6 wings with a combination of their spicy Arizona Ranch sauce and their less-spicy Pineapple Rum sauce. The combination resulted in something that smelled and tasted 10 times better than I could have ever possibly expected. \n\nHowever, the spiciness was pitifully weak. With Arizona Ranch being ranked as having the highest Scoville rating of their medium-range sauces, I can't help but wonder just how spicy they can make a wing. In their defense, I didn't care to try the Atomic Sauce lest it taste like melted pennies (I'm looking at you, Blazin' Sauce), but I still want a burn if I'm getting the next-highest thing.\n\nI got some onion rings on the side as well, and while I wasn't expecting much, these are the best onion rings I have had in a long long time. Normally I receive floppy onion rings that automatically sort and separate themselves into chewy onion and broken, brittle breading the second I take a bite. But these onion rings managed to retain their texture and taste damn good in the process. Onion and all, it gives a nice crunch. Quaker Steak & Lube's onion rings are essentially the onion version of good steak-cut french fries.\n\nI do take issue with the prices here. All that and a cheap domestic beer cost me around 15 bucks after tax and tip. For a small batch of boneless wings, you're paying over a dollar a wing. And you can't just buy wings in bulk, since they won't let you pick more than one sauce\/mix for a larger amount. In this respect, Quaker Steak & Lube is performing just as poorly as B-Dub's. But at least at this place, I can at least feel slightly more justified in paying exorbitant amounts of money for delicious fried chicken.
Been wanting to try this place for a while yet whenever I would come to this area, it's because I'm craving tacos at taco y taco! After reading Shirley B's review, I knew I had to make time to try it. We went in around 5:30, and we were the only ones in there, didn't surprise me though as it seems more like a breakfast and lunch spot. Cute decor, friendly waitress, however it felt really humid inside, probably due to the kitchen being right in the middle of the restaurant. I wish they would turn up the music though, it was kind of awkward hearing the waitress talk to the chef \/owner about "making a mess" of the toaster close to closing...when my boyfriend and I knew it was because we ordered sandwiches..we'd definitely come back during lunch, probably not towards the time we first went so we don't feel like we're bothering them.\nThe food was great! I had the hickory burger and my boyfriend had the chipotle chicken club both with garlic fries. Both were huge and also had big flavor, the fries were also amazing and had real garlic on it. Great prices and eclectic little choices like the truffle flavored tater tots w\/ kalbi, prime rib eggs benedict, Korean fried chicken wings, and deep fried cookie dough!  I'll definitely be back!
I do not recommend Menards' special order service.  I ordered replacement garage door springs, but upon looking carefully at their return policy (can't return to a store, only via shipping at my cost plus a 25% handling fee),I immediately emailed to cancel.  So far, so good.  I received an email that they had sent a cancellation notice to their order processing, but that the cancellation would only work if the order had not already been processed and shipped.  Later the same day, I received an order completion and shipping confirmation.  I also received a UPS tracking number.  \n\nFine so far. Some days passed, but the status never changed.  No update from Menards or UPS.  \n\nI've contacted a Menards Special Order Representative several times explaining the "in limbo" situation.  I received no replies until today simply stating that the order had been cancelled.  Grrr..... \n\nFive or six days lost in getting the door repaired, and it doesn't look good for living up to my "I'll get that done" promise to my family.
First time we went took an hour to get drinks, my friends never got their food or what they ordered.  Gave it another try, did not get to sit with out party. My daughter's food was given to the wrong table. Took 20 minutes to get drinks and the place was empty. So could not understand why they where still sooo slow with service.   Food was cold. Appetizer came out with out with our meal so my husband no longer even wanted it.
Very good burger on this visit. The Los Angeles delicate spinach mozzarella bacon avocado spread and garlic aioli. The aioli was fresh with minced garlic clearly visible. A very juicy burger as the puddle were my burger was place would indicate. Definitely worth a stop. My coworkers showed this place while I was in town they know I love good burgers and this is now on my stop everytime I'm near by list.
A very quiet library.  It lacks media services of a Glendale Public Library (more extensive children's section, Blu-rays, video games, etc).  It is a good place to play my Vita, though.
I called and my take out order of Manchurian chicken was ready in 15 minutes. so fast! enjoyed the meaty pieces of chicken, tasty gravy and the spice was perfect. Great for take out :-)
This show is amazing!!! My boyfriend and I decided to do our Valentine's celebration a couple days early to beat the crowds and couldn't decide between Zumanity and Zarkana. We ended up choosing Zumanity due to reviews and we do not regret it. Yes it's raunchy; yes it's sensual; yes it's sexual. So those easily offended or closed minded need not to attend. There's currently a buy one get the second ticket $10 deal. We purchased the lower orchestra section, which are right behind the love seats. As usual, we were running late but we lucked out because as we were getting seated one of the employees offered us one of the front row love seats. Awesome! To be honest though, any seat is decent because the theater is small. The performance overall is great. There's a mixture of comedy, audience participation, singing, and acrobatics. I can't wait to see it again.
This is a great park that stretches a long way up the Humber river. The southern end is especially popular for picnics and barbeques, and in the summer there's usually an ice cream truck hanging out in the parking lot.\n\nBe warned that there aren't too many entrances and exits along the length of the park, so unless you're going a fair way, be prepared to turn around and come out the way you came. It's also a bit dangerous by the river in storms or after thaws, since most of the park is a flood plain; I remember one winter when it became almost impassable after huge slabs of ice washed up everywhere.
The people at this place are SOOOO funky cool! I've wanted to go here for a while (I love that it's "in" a hostel, too), and I was not disappointed. I don't know what "typical" Persian food is, but their small menu had a lot of great options if you like trying new things. We went at an odd time of day, but I don't think it gets crazy busy. The prices are reasonable, it's very laid back, and I can't wait to go again.
The food is below average, very bland. I was at Bertram for a conference for a week so I had opportunity to try their entire lunch menu. Not one thing would I consider "very good". I have come once before for Buy-One Get-One sushi and that was decent. However my boyfriend and I came and got a bento box, and again, it was very boring. \n\nThe main reason for giving them a below-average rating is because of the service. They are so so very slow! Not just the speed to which things come out, but even getting a glass of water! We also noticed after we got our food during our most recent visit that all the other tables got free bread, except for us. Jipped!!! She took too long to come back for us to complain about it so we just went without.
This place is kind of weird to me.  There is nothing inherently bad about this place, just odd.  I've only been once and I didn't have that good of a time.  It was a saturday night and Town Square was absolutely packed, like the busiest I've ever seen and this place was just about dead which was super odd.  We walk in and go to the bar (7 of us) and even though it wasn't busy, it still took about 20 minutes for us to get out drinks even though there were two bartenders.  The managers or who I assumed to be the managers kept walking around and hanging out with each other but never really checked on people and were mainly concerned with adjusting their vests and hats.  They did seem like nice people though.  The light scheme was odd, the music wasn't the best, and they drink menu was very limited.  We were on a bar crawl and the excitement and fun seemed to slow to a crawl when we got here.  Half the people left to go to another place...  I don't think I will be coming back here.
I know Chipotle gets knocked by people, but I like it, generally. The food is average, filling, and you get what you pay for. At this location the service was impersonal and over-rushed, but hey, do you expect more than that? 3 stars.
I've only had coffee and tea there which is good. It's just a little too small but the main thing that I don't like is that half the place have high tables and chairs which are not that comfortable and everyone grabs the other tables first.
Dr. Cravatta and his staff are very professional, efficient, and knowledgeable. I immediately felt trust and comfort after our first consultation. I had to have a dental implant done here and he made it as painless of an experience as possible which is saying a lot! Thank you!
The atmosphere was relaxed, the chicken parm was slowly cooked perfectly. I'll be back.
The 3 stars is strictly for the Laura the bartender and the daytime atmosphere, not the food.\n\nI've been to Nakama a handful of times, though only once was it specifically for food. The rest of the time it was for a few drinks or some sake because it was a nice day out and I like sitting near their windows. I've never ordered a specialty drink, only beer and sake. Tip: if you go and like sake, get the Crazy Milk and check out the bottle for a few lulz.\n\nWe've ordered food twice, I believe, one time being referenced above when it was a full meal and the order was just some sushi for tapas-style appetizers. Neither time has the food impressed me. In fact, it's probably the worst sushi I have ever had. My boyfriend ordered a spicy tuna roll and the tuna looked like baby food, as if someone had chewed it up and spit it back out - no lie. It was disgusting, but he powered through most of it as he was starving. They also managed to mess up fried rice, completely annihilating the veggies for some reason. The sushi rolls I've ordered have ranged from "eh" to "gross."\n\nI can't give this place less than 3 stars, though, because every time I've gone I've had a really great time. I guess I would break down my review like this: Food - 1 star, Atmosphere - 4 stars, Service - 4 stars.
WHen my girlfriend moved in around august of last year, the place was great. The staff was one of the nicest and best I've met. They commented on the renovations that they started. Told her all would be completed by the end of the year. Now fast forward 8 months. The office staff and all management changed within 2 months of her moving in. ALL THE STAFF. Also, the renovations don't ever seem near done. The office has been in an unused apartment for months. The new staff is the worst. Well, not all of them. Sherri is amazing. Always so nice and helpful. The main problem with this property is the assistant property manager Jimmy. He is the rudest, most inept person I've ever met. Since moving in, her rent was lost somehow. She ended up having to pay it again. Was also told, by Jimmy, that if she wouldn't have misplaced her receipt, it could have been fixed. Pretty crappy they blamed it on her instantly and made no effort to fix in. Another time, she had to pay her rent late and Jimmy told her an amount $100 higher than what she actually owed. Had she not brought it up to me, and I did the math to catch his lie, he would have taken the extra $100. Also, the property are more worried about new move ins and their renovations then their current residents. The only was she would stay is if the original staff returned. Well, if sherri was promoted and jimmy was fired, she would think about it. If you go here and talk to Jimmy\/James.... Ask for a Sherri and you won't feel like your at a used car lot.
I saw this topless revue courtesy of a couple comp tickets. \n\nOne star for it being a production show that really seemed to be trying. This isn't a Jubilee quality show but for what it was, free, it was okay. About 8 women, (6 topless on occasion) dance in different themed segments.\nSecond star for a live music during the show.  The ladies are accompanied by two male musicians.  The drummer and sexy guitarist seemed to be having a good time while performing.\nI don't know what I expected but I was bored during the show. The lead singer, Lorena Peril,  had a very weak singing voice. She was unsexy and her dancing was amateurish Maybe someone should explain to her that loud does not equal good.\nThere were two blond women that were bigger and thicker than the other dancers.  The were obviously former strippers and did not fit well at all as they could not dance and were lumbering across the stage.\n There was no key theme to the show. After watching the women tear through t-shirts the second time and stumbling across the stage while trying to carry off the dismal choreography for 10 minutes I was ready to leave.   \n\nI am not sure how long the shows run was but the show is now CLOSED.   Maybe with some more time and fine tuning it would have been a bit more watchable but I doubt it.  A few of the women were cute but even the man I was with was bored.  You've seen one fake boob or small boob and you have seen them all. This show was less than impressive.
Terrible customer service. Waitress was gone most of the time. Then when I seen her she was eating. Really! How rude. Don't they get a break or lunch and go somewhere in private to eat. And how is she going to be eating while she is suppose to be serving. Husband asked for another cocktail by the time it arrived he was done with his meal! We will not be going back and we will not recommend this place to anyone.
Being a University of Illinois student, this was a great change from the typical campus bars. We ventured downtown to see what else Champaign had to offer, and I'm really glad we did so. \n\nThe Blind Pig has a great feel, as well as an excellent selection of beer. Was happy to see some dogfish head on the menu. I went during a weekend in the summer, which was probably less crowded than during the year. \n\nI can't wait to go back though, downtown Champaign has thoroughly turned me off  the campus bars (sometimes).
Didn't like the entire experience and the result. I asked for acrylic and went home with gel paying way more. Nice surprise at check-out. Nails were all different shape and length - I rectified that myself at home. I was really excited to try this new place and was very disappointed. Would not go back.
Everything from here has been good. It has attempted to change my opinion about crinkle cut french fries. Still on the fence about those.\n\nIf you go to get the hotdog, spend the little extra to get the Premium\/Jumbo dog. Its the same bun and fixings, but the meat quality is like the difference between Nathan's and a highschool cafetera. In my opinion they should stop offering the standard quality hot dog and just go all out on the jumbos. They aren't doing themselves any justice by trying to pass off that crappy tube of animal product as food. For some reason the two dogs are just that different!
GF vegetarian poutine? Yes please. Bartender was friendly too. Great dinner spot for a solo traveler.
I found this place when renting a car from the place next door.\n\nThe All-Natural Pepperoni pizza is so tasty and delicious. The service is excellent and friendly.\n\n\nNote: \nWhile our family like this place and our child cannot get enough of their pizza, I highly recommend you always checking for yourself and making your own opinion when reading reviews--all reviews, especially filtered by Yelp as not recommended. You need to scroll down to the bottom of all reviews and click on "xx other reviews currently not recommended" to be able to read reviews hidden by Yelp.
First off its worth the price guarantee from the seafood to the salad everything taste fresh and also included in the open bar downsided there's a line but worth the wait
Above average subway! Quick clean and well made! If in the area would come back!
This was a decent Sushi restaurant dressed up like a dive Sushi restaurant.  Upon first entering, I was ready to turn around.  The layout was a little awkward, the fixtures and furniture dated and the wait staff all seemed a bit frazzled but we decided to try it out anyway.  The selection of food was decent and the portions were generous.  The beer was luke warm and served in what looked like an Ice cream Sunday glass dish.  The presentation and taste were a little above average so if it not for the general feel of the place I would have given a 4.
I recently purchased my first home and had John as my realtor. He and Justin were both amazing. Buying my first home was very intimidating but John and his team were with me every step of the way. He was always available to answer any questions and come game time, we were able to beat out other interested parties to purchase the home I wanted. \n\nJohn works fast, is very reliable, trustworthy, and will be there for you. He is not happy unless you are happy and will go above and beyond for you. I would recommend him to anyone.
I'm giving it 5 stars knowing its a drive-thru car wash. BUT!!! for a drive-thru it's the best I've ever been to!!! It's a good price (5 bucks) and someone sprays your car down before u go in (to get the bugs and dried bird poop off). FREE unlimited vacuum usage!!!\n\nPretty sweet deal!!!
The worst service and cold sub-par food once it arrived. Kids running around. Only one game on
I love this new (sorta) location! The only drawback is the parking...the lot is small and is shared with other businesses. \nThe staff are super friendly and seem to enjoy their job. They also seem to like each other and appear to work well together. . They know my name now and a couple of them greet me when I come in.. I especially like the english girl, Tanya.She is wicked friendly and has a sweet and genuine approach\n\nGood work Starbucks!
Just moved to lawerenceville and decided to give Alfred's a try. I was not disappointed. I was weary at first if a 6" sando would be enough but the sandwiches here are no joke. I love Italian sandwiches so I went with the downing. Tons of delicious thick sliced meat. So much I could barely fit the thing in my big mouth. I will be back here again and definitely would recommend it to anyone.
These people tried to rob my mother-in-law out of $500 for a warranty item on a Bradford white water heater I'm a plumber out of town and the labor is about one hour for this part I also do home repairs so I know the price structure she's a senior elderly lady in Las Vegas in this company is out to rob you I will notify the seniors fraud division unit in Las Vegas about this company we have already called Bradford white and they know bad things about this company please do not do business with this type of company
Has to be one of the best bars in Chandler! Great staff, great food, and great people. Would definitely recommend this bar for hanging out with friends or going to meet new people. Even the regulars are all awesome. Also great place to catch the games during the season.
I've been buying tires from Discount Tire since 1986 and doubt I'll be going back. I had been in a few weeks ago and was told my tires were covered under the manufacturer warranty. At the time I couldn't get them replaced so I went back today. The person today didn't seem to believe what I told him, even after telling him the name. Of who I spoke with, the date and the calculations I was given. More than once he said 's you were given the impression' no, I was told what was going to happen and shown the figures in their computer. I was told when the person I originally spoke to would be in, and I could go back and talk to him then.  Rather than waste anymore time, I'm looking for a new tire shop.
Really nothing to write home about other than the ambiance and the cool location in the alley. Drink menu is great but the food menu is very limited. If you are a vegetarian, stay home. I ordered the whole fish grill of the day and the dish was soaked in oil\/butter. Super oily. The chicken linguini was very chewy. Very strange. The manager was very stuck up and should lighten up a bit and be more hospitable.
I love coming here for the convenience and not having to deal with the crowded isles of Walmart. Yes, most of the groceries compared to Walmart are a little more expensive so I only come here if I just need a few things to pick up. In addition, the staff are very friendly and helpful.\n\nTip: I usually don't have an issue when I order from the hot item section but if you ask the staff they will tell you if the particular item you would like is fresh or not.
Service - Brian was exceptional - he handled all needs for myself and the vehicle. He looked at it in terms of what was coming up for the vehicle as well. He then coordinated with other staff to ensure everything was completed. He is highly competent and very friendly. \n\nSales & Finance - Paul and Rich were also great and have been there since purchase. They didn't just disappear since the sale was complete. Very cool to see folks who care. Thanks to all!!!
Stopped by here after finding it on yelp and getting a checking coupon. When we went to order server had no idea about the yelp deal she had to go ask the manage. They did not honor the coupon.  We paid for or drinks and left. Will not be back.
So let me start by saying I dont eat cheese. With that being said, its really difficult to find a good pizza joint that makes great cheeseless pizzas. Metro pizza is the first pizza place that made an amazing dairy free pizza for me. Their dough is very good (I got the metro crust) which is pretty thick, but I like thick pizza. We tried their atomic fries that were delicious! Their garlic knotz were alright not the best I have had. The only reason they got 4 stars is because their service wasnt great. Besides that my girlfriends and I all loved it (and they eat cheese)!
Wow,  my husband and I have been wanting to try this place for 3 years and I'm so happy we did.  The atmosphere was gorgeous,  the staff was attentive and amazing,  and the food was phenomenal.  They even gave me my dessert free because the waitstaff found out it was my birthday.  This by far was the best dinner ever and I can't wait to go back...in about a year when I'm hungry again. Lol
Get the happy hour deal. You get a cabin that has a bar and bathroom! The bar has unlimited drinks. Our bartender Phaedra was a blast. She showed us all the highlights as we traveled around the ferris wheel. Happy hour deal was around $30 a ticket.
After trying this place I can tell for sure: i had the worst pignolli cookies I could possible think of.\nDry. Hard. No almond paste at all. Did I mention dry? Expensive.\nI had pignolis and their "gelatto". Both made me think "WTFH THESE PEOPLE HAVE IN MIND?"\nVeeeeeeeeerrrreryyyyyyyy overrated and overpriced. If you feel like payin close to 9 dolars for 4 "pignollis" and a ball of a sugar free gelato, be their guest.
First timer to The Capital Grille, decided to check them out for Restaurant Week and we were finally able to score a reservation!\n\nWe arrived early so decided to have a drink at the bar, but that turned into 2 drinks and ouch our tab was expensive! I wish we had been running late instead!\n\nWe were seated right on time for our reservation - this is very important to me - I hate when restaurants make you wait more than 10-15 minutes to be seated.\n\nOur waiter greeted us promptly, explained the Restaurant Week menu and showed us the regular menu and the wine list. We both wanted to try the RW menu - I had the filet and my husband had the bone in Kona crusted sirloin. We also had salads and sides for the table. Dessert was crème brulee and flourless chocolate cake (both = yummm). \n\nThe food came out quickly (maybe too fast?) and our waiter checked on us just the right amount. The food was very good. Not quite up to my favorite steak restaurant (Del Frisco's) in terms of quality of food or atmosphere. But the service was excellent. It just feels outdated in there and the steak wasn't that melt-in-your-mouth quality that I want from a high-end steak house.\n\nI am glad I tried The Capital Grille and I would go back - but it probably wouldn't be my first choice for an exquisite steak in Charlotte.
This was such a cool part of our Vegas trip. We were lucky that we didn't have to wait in line, and once at the top, we had it mostly to ourselves. The view is beautiful and there are so many good picture opportunities. This was one of the cheapest things we did in Vegas and we'll have the pictures to remember it forever.
Easy deal. Fast installation. Reasonable price. And the windows look really great. John also helped complete all the documentation needed for an SRP rebate. We're very glad we chose this company for our new screens.
Every time I try another kbbq place, I think "this isn't as good as Hwaro." For such a cheap price, you get almost 40-50 items to choose from.\n\nTheir meat is fresh and well seasoned, and the appetizers\/extras are amazing! I love the shake shake rice and kfc. The  s**t is my favorite item they have and I usually order a ridiculous amount of it when I'm there. \n\nMy only issue is that I usually have to wait at least 40 minutes to be seated. With how much business they're bringing in, I wish they could relocate to a bigger location. \n\nNothing beats Hwaro!
Thank god for this place. I'm from Baltimore and I've been trying to find a place that fills the Little Italy sized hole in my heart since I left. Well I finally found it! We got a slice of pizza, a pastrami sandwich, and a cheesesteak sub. The pizza is real New York style pizza. The best pizza I've had since I left the eat coast. The philly cheese steak was tasty and full of steak. Pastrami was real Jewish deli style pastrami. All delicious. And the cannoli was yummy too. I will definitely be coming back here any time I get nostalgic about the east coast. Thank you Cuginos for making my heart a little warmer!
I went to Jack Astor's today.  I got there about 12:30pm and it was busy.  There were no tables available so I sat at the bar.\n\nI ordered what I always order at Jack Astor's ... Chicken Parmigiana.  I really like it.  When it arrived, the cheese wasn't melted (it was really obvious) and when I stuck my finger in it, the chicken was stone cold.  Needless to say, I sent it back.  The chicken came back piping hot but the pasta was just warm.  It was tasty, though.\n\nEven though there were a bunch of servers buzzing around, I found the service lacking.  After my meal was delivered, no one checked to see if I wanted a refill on my pop when my glass was empty or if I wanted dessert.  After waiting for a while, I had to ask for my bill.\n\nI've been to some great Jack Astor's ... this one is definitely not one of them.  I won't be back.
The Crispy Duck Curry with drunkin noodles...  OMG!!  one of the best foods I have ever eatten.  IN MY LIFE!!
I'm not frequently on the East Side of Las Vegas, but while over here I stopped in at the Pan Ocha Soup Thai restaurant. I will say that this place makes me want to come back again and again! The food is phenomenal and the staff is very nice and welcoming.\n\nI ate at the lunch buffet and hands down their spicy chicken wings and pad Thai noodles are the best! I also ordered the Pad Sew Ewe and it was meaty and flavorful!\n\nAlso, the proximity to Nellis AFB is great and they are very welcoming to the military!\n\nWill definitely come back again!
Perfect Irish bar. Great staff, good live music. I was pleasantly surprised by the food. Very good! I got the pork chop with mashed and asparagus. Definitely try this place if your at mandalay bay!
I was very impressed with the friendly welcome.  The reason we explored a new groomer was because of excessive wait time.  I was so pleased to get a text notification less than an hour after dropping our dog off.  The prices are very competitive as well.  We will definitely be back in a month or so!
Really depends on what you're after! This store is STOCKED with small items, millions of them! Very little furniture or large items, loads of small stuff. I did see a few more "new" items than I like to see, but it wasn't horrible. Friendly staff, small walk ways, and most things are in glass cases. The glass cases we're actually nice today as we had a couple toddlers with us! \n\nIt's a good one, and worth a stop in while hitting the other local shops in the area.
How we've lived in the east valley and skipped this place is beyond me. What a gem. Can't find any high quality seafood restaurant better than this. Everything was perfect but of special note was the crusted sand dabs. They serve nice bread with the dinner as well. Nice atmosphere and good service. No need to go to Scottsdale for great restaurants anymore.
First time here at this location here in Las Vegas. Place is clean and food is sub-par good. Our server was responsive and provided my family with everything we needed. Not too many filipino restraunts around but this place is the better one amongst the rest.
Lovely theatre, super pretty in an ancient way. Hashers will show you to your seats, there are many toilets and bars inside. Feels a bit like a maze but not in a bad way. I watched "Legally Blond" there and it was nice. Sat downstairs which was ok but I wouldn't recommend sitting too far away on the ground floor, you better seat in the upper circle as seating in the back of the lower circle you get a good view of the stage but totally miss out the pretty theatre. I found it easy to reach but super hard to find an open café after 17 or 18 around, so don't count on a nice cup of coffee before a show.
If you're in Toronto this is worth the drive.  Quote was almost half the price of what we were getting here. We got our passenger side window replaced on our mustang. \n\nDropped it in the morning and picked it up the next day. We also had a chip in the windshield which was billed directly to insurance with no deductible or increase. \n\nFarah was very professional and responded quickly to my question via email. Quote was sent to me within the hour of request and stayed true once work was completed. \n\nIt's so difficult to trust service centres these days and I'm happy we found this small business. I would highly recommend this location to all my friends and family.
Working near Life is Sweet, I frequently stop in for lunch or to grab some sweets for the office. Everything I've had is so good! The sweets are more than tempting. There's cupcakes, and cookies, and scones and croissants and cakes and you name it. All fabulous! They also have a few lunch options - about three sandwiches and a daily soup. I've had the chicken noodle, lentil chili, and tomato with chicken and orzo and they're all delicious, especially the tomato with chicken and orzo. Their sandwiches are made with freshly carved turkey, ham or roast beef on homemade ciabatta. It's a great neighborhood spot and the owners are lovely. They're always at the cafe and super friendly. Definitely check it out if you're in the neighborhood!
It's been quite a while since I've had decent Thai food so I went into this thinking it would be pretty sub par. Maybe lowered expectations are the key, but I was really happy with it. It's relatively cheap , and they have a pretty decent lunch special  from 11-3. I ordered the red curry at a medium spice level. I typically eat very spicy food, but being my first time there I figured it would be safer to start medium to gauge it. It was the perfect amount. It had a good kick without taking away from the flavor, and I was having to ration out my water intake towards the end. So even if you do like spicy food be warned that medium is quite hot. Our entrees did come out at separate times which I imagine can be slightly awkward especially in larger groups, but all in all the food was good, the service was quick, and the bill was pretty low.
Their beer and food is good. Downside: it gets LOUD.
After only being at stampers a few times for a late night drink my girlfriend and I decided to give them a try for dinner.\n\nThe beer menu at Stampers  is great, lots of good quality choices.   I was especially happy to see a nice assortment of  true Belgium beers.\n\nFor an appetizer we decided to try a few different cheeses.  They were all very good and were served with olives and some very fresh tomatoes.  \n\nFor our entrees we both had the short ribs with garlic mashed potatoes and brussels sprouts.  The short ribs themselves were amazing, very tender and flavorful.  The mashed potatoes were also very good.  The brussels sprouts were very unique I liked then a lot as did my girlfriend.  Overall the entree was great and was huge definitely couldn't finish it all.  For the portion $12 was very reasonable.\n\nOur waitress was very friendly and informative as was the rest of the staff we encountered,\n\nOverall our experience was good and we will be sure to give them several return visits.
Ghetto. Occasional Strange people and smells.
We were super excited to eat at Giada's new restaurant since we loved watching her cooking show! But sadly, we were not impressed.  The ambiance was classy and welcoming, but the food was OK and the service was definitely not up to par. Server barely checked on us. Honestly, probably wouldn't come back here.
I was seriously disappointed after I stopped here last night.  Both flavors of frozen yogurt  were filled with ice crystals, and were very bland. The staff was indifferent, almost to the point of surly, even though I was the only customer at the time.  I walked in with a smile, expecting something nice, but I can say I won't be back.
I have been coming to this salon for years and I used to love coming here. Over the past year, I've noticed that the management of the salon has gone downhill. I always make an appt before I come, usually weeks in advance. Every time I have come, they've been backlogged, and taken other customers that were walk ins before me. Typically I have waited over half an hour beyond my appointment time to be seen. I don't understand the purpose of an appt if it doesn't seem to affect when I am I seen. I would give this nail salon 5 stars if it were just for quality of services, but unfortunately the lack of appointment management and general confusion about order of seeing customers typically ruins the experience.
Me and my boyfriend went there for lunch, unlimited sushis and other varieties of asian plates, it was really worth it for the price (17$). Quality of sushis was amazing they were fresh,  I strongly suggest to try the peanut butter chicken that has that perfect sweet taste. Restaurant was clean and has nice and modern decor. Really good overall experience!
Their flower arrangements are gorgeous! The attention to detail and excellent customer service is what keeps me coming back! Highly recommend!!
I ABSOLUTELYLOVE THIS PLACE!! the seafood quesadilla is amazing!! & all the margaritas are amazing.. but the Diamanté Negro martini is to die!! YUM
This is an extremely smoky bar with terrible music. The atmosphere is not there, the music is so low that no one really talks. The food is just ok and the service is very mediocre. The crowd is in their 50's so their is not much action as most people are gambling. This bar needs a major facelift! I would probably not recommend it to anyone as there are better places to experience
I don't know a lot about this place so let's focus on what I like:\n\nThe inside is really nice! They have a big bar, a big beer selection, it's nice, open airy.  The patio is really nice too!  The fireplace is huge and warm and there's just the right amount of tables so it's still intimate.\n\nI've only tried a couple of the food items but both were about as good as it gets!  The Irish egg rolls were like crispy stuffed Reubens and oh so good!  I got the Apple Cider Chicken at the recommendation of Yelper Dana P, you know what you're talking about!  This chicken is amazing and you have to try it!  One would never suspect a cranberry and mushroom combo to be this delicious but I loved every bite.  The carrot mash thing that accompanied it, that I could do without.  I should have gotten some potatoes or something!\n\nMy only complaint, and the reason I gave it 3 stars is that I thought it was over priced.  My entree (the chicken) was $13, and it was just one small chicken breast.  I don't know, maybe my expectations are skewed because I could have eaten a whole plate of it!  Or maybe I'm just poor.\n\nI probably will go back this summer, but I think as more of a beer and appetizer place!
So glad to have found great Thai in my neighborhood.  We thought when we moved away from Tempe that we had lost our access to great ethnic food.  Luckily we found this little gem.  Great ambience, friendly quick service, and fantastic food.  We ordered the green curry chicken and the drunken noodles with vegetables.  Great sized portions for reasonable price.  We got ours on a 3 out of 5 scale of heat and it was perfect for us.  I have a feeling we'll become regulars.
The food is OK. The price is a little bit higher than outside but you should appreciate they can bring authentic Chinese food into the middle of a casino. The major problem here is that the place always asks how you are going to pay BEFORE placing order. It suggests the place may suffer from ample unpaid checks at ... Bellagio. So show them your wallet BEFORE placing orders to calm them down.
Went to the one in Vegas at like 4 AM and had really high expectations for this place. I prefer breakfast food over lunch food so I was really excited to try it especially with it being featured on the Food Network. My friend and I split the corned beef hash and it came out and wasn't what I imagined corned beef hash to be! There were chunks of meat instead of slices of meat and it didn't look appetizing at all. It also didn't taste good! The portion is huge so maybe that's why a lot of people really like it. \n\nWould never go back here again.
Pizza Care has great pizza! I've tried a couple different pizzas & they've all been really good. I recommend the multi grain crust, it's flavorful, crispy & not too doughy like some pizzas. Also love the side of ranch they give you with the pizza to dip your crust in. \nI've also had the veggie & the fish hoagies. The hoagies were ok, nothing special. Not really worth getting, I would stick with their pizzas. \nI really like that they are using healthy ingredients. No preservatives or trans fat, use olive oil in their crusts, healthy crust options & their cheese is all natural. I know pizza isn't exactly healthy for you however it's nice to have a healthy choice if you are going to eat pizza once in a while. \nPizza Care is a great addition to the city & I don't believe there's any other pizza shops around Pittsburgh that have these healthy options.
When its not insanely crowded (which it almost always is) Body English is one of the best places to dance in the city.  This venue boasts crowds both inside and out, thus the tricky part is getting in a timely manner.  Knowing one of the promoters is always helpful, but at this place its less crazy than the lines at Pure or Rain per se.\n\nRockin music from live acts, house music from talented spinning DJs on the weekends, and hip hop music from a kick ass sound system is one of the few reasons to appreciate this place.  The drinks are insanely priced, but few clubs in Las Vegas ever have good deals on drinks.  Most people that are here for that are already drunk or buzzed before they even get through the door.\n\nSince the place isn't amazingly large, its best to enjoy the moments before 1AM\/2AM rush of people begin pouring into the place.  Also, its harder to enjoy this place if one doesn't go in a group.  That said, the vicarious crowd of and beautiful staff often times make up for the little inadequacies that surround this Hard Rock mainstay.
Didn't really do what I asked..... But for $5 I can't really complain. I asked for a fade and didn't get one. Asked for a trim up top and all they did was thin it out..... If you're a bum and need a desperate haircut, this is the place for you.
A lovely new space to practice. The place has been completely renovated since it was YogaTree.\n\nI have taken 2 warm vinyasa classes with Steve. Both were great classes. Not too hot, dynamic.  He does a great job of modifying up and down for all levels. If Steve is indicative of the caliber of teachers this place is a find. Front desk staff are also friendly and welcoming. \n\nThe practice room is spacious with radiant heaters. You can easily find spots not directly under the heaters if it is one's preference (it's mine). No mirrors. Some like that, some don't. I'm indifferent. \n\nThe change rooms are clean but very tight. Only 2 showers...which hasn't been a problem for me yet because after both classes only I showered and few people changed beyond pulling sweats over their yoga clothes. Not many people could change at once without being too close for comfort though! I'd love a bit more space there. \n\nMy other complaint is the last evening class is 7:30. Too early for me. I cannot get home from work, eat and digest enough to practice by 7:30. 8-8:30 start would be better for me. For this reason I'll likely stick to my usual yoga spot...but grab weekend classes at YST when I can. If the schedule changes to add later classes, I'll reassess\n\nUPDATE: I returned to YogaSpace Thornhill in August, this time as my primary studio since the schedule at my former studio no longer suits me. YS has changed their evening classes to 8pm and brought in some excellent local teachers in addition to their already excellent existing staff. Sandy McHugh and Yvonne Eastwood are both fantastic Vinyasa teachers, and I tried a class with Michelle Palma that was excellent, and am still loving Steve's classes. Well done YogaSpace!!!
Kind of a huge deal in Montreal but honestly, the food was only...good. It was tasty smoked meat and bread on the menu with some fries and side options but they focus on that brisket. The meat itself was saltier than I liked and the lean was a bit dry while the medium was way too fat. Good thing our wait was short being a weekday afternoon because I don't really get all the hype? The poutine we ordered was surprisingly good though! Not too salty and very crispy fries not quite drowning in gravy, it was my favourite thing here...not to say don't come but I'd prefer waiting for something better. It's worth it to say I've tried it though!\n\nAlthough rushed and quick service, the people working there are really nice.
I stayed here last week for about 5days and it was heaven in a hotel, they give you a robe and slippers!!!. The lobby room as well as the bars inside are super modern and the entire staff are friendly. I love how when you check in they deliver your bags to your room, I'm sure that's probably common, but I still love that! Oh yeah when I checked in they gave me complimentary drink tickets which worked with most of their bars inside the hotel! \n\nI stayed in a double queen room suite and boy was the room spacious. The furniture to the beds and paintings were all up to date and classy. The bathroom was unbelievable. It had a his and hers sinks as well as a separate shower and spacious bath tube. Did I mention it had a TV in it? Oh yeah and if you haven't read from other post's these rooms come with 1.5 bathrooms! Aside from the master bathroom there is another one when you first walk in!\n\nAlso the radio\/alarm clock had an iPod holder so I got to play my iTouch in my room, felt like I was at home. They really accommodate with people very well! Only downside room service food took almost an hour....I mean when your drunk and hungry the last thing you want to do is wait for food! Lastly the pool is really beautiful, it's like a beach and has a wave pool.\n\nAs for the spa bathouse, I was super lucky to have scored a discount with our hotel package...I got an amazing massage and pedi for a reasonable discounted cost! Plus the spa is open to use all day when you book a service and they have great amenities (fresh juice, bobby pins, hair ties, hairspray, razors ect)\n\nIf your looking for a peaceful, modern, and comfortable hotel then I recommend this place. It's connected to Mandalay Bay which is connected to Luxor which is connected to  Excalibur, it's not close near everything lively, but it's Vegas and everything's accessible with a taxi!\n\nNOTE TO PEOPLE WHO TRAVEL I GOT AN EXCELLENT DEAL BY SEARCHING AROUND....CHECK OUT RETAILMENOT.COM FOR HOTEL DISCOUNTS (they have discounts for everything basically)
We had a disappointing experience here. My fiancé and I were in Phoenix for the weekend and made an appointment to look at a specific ring design. They were very busy with the holiday weekend and had several walk ins so no one was available to help us in spite of making an appointment ahead of time. The jeweler we booked with never did get free and after about 30 minutes other sales people became available and continued to ignore us. We finally left 45 minutes after our scheduled appointment time without looking at anything. I understand they were busy but I wish they would have just told us they weren't going to have time for the appointment so we wouldn't have wasted the afternoon.
So my friends and i, who are all in the bar industry, stopped by there tonight (7\/2\/15 around 11:40am). They had gotten there before me, I came over after I got off work. We all waited about 25 mins, before we were even approached to have our drink orders taken. To put it in an even better perspective, we each almost gambled $40 before we were approached. The only reason we didn't, is because we stopped gambling.... one of the female bartenders even came over to get one of my friends shot order that a regular customer was buying for him from across the bar (he was good friends with that particular regular), and i didnt even get acknowledged then, and I was sitting right next to my friend getting the shot, gambling, no drink in hand! The only reason the one of THREE bartenders came over and took my order, was because my friend finally waived her down to get her attention.....and I didn't receive a smile, a hello, a how or you, nothing. She walked around the bar as if she had no purpose for 5 mins, and EATING, before coming to tell me she was out of orange juice for my drink. Really? I understand I got there 20 mins before shift change, but even the grave bartender didn't come over and greet us after he got settled. We were all severely unimpressed with this experience, and I personally wont be back. If I was the owner\/manager\/investor.... I would seriously reconsider your staff.
For the price this place is awesome! Only setback is I wish there were a bigger selection
Since becoming a vegetarian over a year ago we are still coming here.   I get the great pretender burger which is their veggie patty, super delicious.   I have also had the black bean burger and that was great as well.   The appetizers are still great and the service remains solid.
Recently, my mother's a\/c was blowing warm and needed some professional attention. I did some research to find a local hvac outfit and I found Absolute. I called Mike late on a Friday and he arranged his schedule to come out first thing in the morning to troubleshoot the system. He came out on time, diagnosed her faulty compressor motor, and replaced it in a reasonable amount of time. I was amazed at how inexpensive the bill was. I will call him for work in the future. Thanks Mike!
Unlike other people's reviews, I really loved this place. The wait time wasn't that long and the service was excellent. \n\nTheir food was also delicious. We shared the appetizer platter at 5 people. It was 60$ for 6 different appetizers. The salmon tartare tasted great and came in a generous portion. You can also ask for more croutrons. The dessert was awesome and well made. The nutella moelleux was extremely soft and chewy. The drinks during 5-7 are cheap. The place itself was clean. \n\nWould definitely come back.
Very kind and patient staff with my scaredy cat English bulldog mix, Marley. This is the only place in the city we trust for a quick and perfect nail clip every time. Also a cute shop with adorable accessories and a good selection of sweaters, food and treats.
Sesame Chicken was hard.  No doubt it was frozen from Walmart.  Both it and the Szechuan Chicken we ordered came with broccoli (the NEW Chinese vegetable).  Why only broccoli and onions in Chinese food these days?  Nasty.  Anyway, the broccoli was not cooked at all.  Hard to chew, had to nuke mine and tossed the rest.  To be a good restaurant or better, you MUST cook your food people.  I've gone to this location for years, it's repeatedly changed owners and people.  Tired of wasting my money on sorry food.  Sad thing is, Maricopa County as a whole has some very bad restaurants.  I would say 90% serve overpriced and sorry prepared, if not frozen food.  I will cook at home and save LOTS OF MONEY.  I like that.
Good chicken fingers. A little loud, but fun.
I would give a 3+. The service was great, the restaurant was clean and nice atmosphere. Presentation was beautiful but my dish, chicken tetrazzini lacked the flavor I was expecting. The Steak Gorgonzola I was told was excellent. All in all, good food for the price and a decent wine selection at a good price point.
What a wonderful experience!!! The selection was mind boggling and thr warmth and hospitality was truly remarkable thanks to Rachel!! We walked away with almost 200$ in cheese And sooo much more! Definitely a place to visit again before i leave the midwest!
Recently renovated. Still working some bugs out but in general a nice downtown business hotel. Staff was friendly and the doorman was a god send in helping me find some local shopping options. The decor is contemporary and not quite my style. But clean and lien lines are positively implemented.
I CANT BELIEVE THEY JUST TOLD ME "FUCK YOUR MOM" I just stopped over here this morning because my mom had to use the restroom really bad and couldn't hold it any longer. But when she went in they didn't want to let her but then my mom said she couldn't hold it any longer and they let her. But as she was leaving the guys harassed her as she left and that's when I stepped out of the car. I told them that I would have bought some water or something in the store that they have so that she could have used it without getting harassed but they just said get out of here and as I was leaving the security said "GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE AND FUCK YOU'RE MOM" and that's when I got pissed and started yelling at him. After that he pushed me and hit me in the face. It was a light hit but a hit is a hit and now we're pressing charges against them. IS THIS HOW YOU TREAT DISABLED WOMEN? IS THIS HOW YOU TALK ABOUT PEOPLE ON A DAILY BASIS ?? SHAME ON YOU GUYS. I was talking to the guy man to man, he didn't have to say F$&@ my mom
If I could give negative stars, I would. I booked this company online after calling them and explaining that I had a rental home that wasn't left in great condition. The receptionist helped me make the selection of services that I needed. The total, 298.00 for a 1300 sq. ft. (3 bedroom \/ 2 bath) home. I thought it was a little pricey since the cleaning lady that I use in my own home charges 20$ per hour. But probably fair given the condition of the home. My husband and I even drove up to the property in the morning to make sure all trash was removed and house was completely empty and all appliances were removed. Two ladies showed up. We talked about the services I prepurchased and then we left. An hour later I get a call saying that the price had changed to $100 PER HOUR! Luckily we were just around the corner purchasing new appliances when we got the call. We chose not to continue the cleaning and went back to the property. It was a move out so I had just finished taking pictures that morning. When I returned the house was in the same condition as what I left so I took more pictures in case they charged my card. I came home to an email saying I wouldn't be charged for the "partial" cleaning. They didn't even do anything!!  This is clearly a bait and switch upcharge company that we will not be using again. Seriously the most unprofessional experience that I've ever had with any company.
The food wasn't very good - I got a bean enchilada and it was pretty soggy and bland. The waitress seemed like she didn't really care and didn't want to be there. They give you chips and salsa beforehand, though.
I wish this spot were on my side of town, because this park is fantastic. \n\nI ended up here because for some crazy reason I thought I could run a 5K enter the Insane Inflatable Race. This wasn't just a 5K, but an obstacle course on steroids and fully equipped with bounce houses, rope climbing, giant ball pits, and snarky kids on razor scooters chastising me, as I gasped for air. This race was a lot fun and I do recommend people to try it out when it comes back to Vegas next year. \n\nAs we walked through the park both on our way to the race and sluggishly back to the car, I really noticed the layout of this awesome park. Built-in stone playgrounds with Flintstone styled slides, a cushioned ground for safe landings, and manmade pond fully equipped with geese and a few ducks. I'm assuming this is what Sunset Park looked like before the picnicking masses decided to make this their permanent happy birthday dumping ground. \n\nThe parking situation here is vast so no matter where you decide to park, you'll be within a few feet of some sweet park action. Day at the park, if it's at Craig Ranch Regional Park, then count me in!
I've been shopping here for Asian food for very long time, their price is cheaper compare to other Asian stores in Madison. One stop shop to make Filipino dishes. I just don't buy the fresh fish or any meats they have. Dirty and smelly, I always try to do my shopping there as fast as I could, sometimes I can't stand the smell. Yue Wah Asian store is a lot cleaner, so I sometimes shop there to.
This review is for Katerina. We had an email dialogue before I came in for the cut. I told her I wanted to cut off 1.5 inches max. Very clear. I came in on the day. She was very standoffish and rude. And she looked at my hair and said because I already had layers. I had to cut off closer to what she held up which was 3-4 inches. Otherwise it wasn't worth her time. Such a waste of my time!! Are you kidding me? I even sent her photos of my hair so she knew exactly what she was getting into. I told her what I wanted and she just wouldn't listen. Walked right out. Very rude would not recommend. Went right around the corner and went somewhere else.
Amazing breakfast food and especially loved the warm welcome of being led to my seat by the hand.  Already been back 2x in a week for breakfast.
I've been there four times and I always leave satisfied. You'll most likely spend a hundred bucks for two people but well worth it. Very friendly staff. My only complaint is that there's always a lineup when you walk in.
They switched chefs.\nI miss my tasty thyme-y chicken wings.\nHell, a lot of the food isn't as great as it was, but it's still good enough to give a try.\nTheir onion rings are amazing though & my hubby still loves the cod tacos.
Well today, I got my 2nie tuesday for lunch, got back to work and the chicken was pink and a litle bloody inside. I was absolutely horrified because I thought KFC had cooking protocols. I will never visit this location ever again because I dont want salmonella or E.Coli, thanks\n\np.s - their cooks obviously dont know what they are doing because isnt chicken their main dish??? WTF
I had him landscape my back yard. I did uplighting, rock, trees, assorted desert plants, mounds, and extend the drip system. I would say they did well for the mounds, rock, uplighting and drip system. I would not recommend for tree installation on the basis I feel they don't really know how to properly stake or plant a tree. I had a tree a few months after break during a monsoon and he wanted to charge me to replace it. If he would've staked it properly it would not have snapped. Also had another tree die and I was able to pull it right out of the ground which tells me they didn't plant it correctly. I restaked one tree to fix their poor planting of it. I think he choose good shrubs but I think they were planted in the wrong areas.
What an amazing experience! Our pilot, Andrew, made our Wind Dancer Sunset trip to the Grand Canyon a complete success! Passengers switch seats throughout the trip so everyone has a chance to sit in the front of the helicopter. Takeoff was an interesting feeling if you have not flown in a helicopter before, but the professionalism of the entire Maverick experience made me feel very safe and comfortable throughout. The flight was wonderful and the landing in the Grand Canyon was unmatched-this is certainly something we will remember for a lifetime! Flying over the strip at night was an awesome ending to this experience-WELL WORTH THE PRICE!! If you are going to Vegas, be sure to book this trip!\n\nA few negatives to be aware of re: booking-nothing to do with the trip:it is sometimes difficult to reach anyone by phone--I had long wait times each time. Make sure that you carefully check your confirmation email, as I accidentally booked the wrong date and was charged even more to reschedule. If we had not wanted to go on this trip so badly I would have cancelled and disputed the charge because of the way this was handled at first. A manager did ultimately resolve the issue.
Hi. I had a horrible time at this restaurant. I used to love this place and they ruined it for me. They couldn't get the porterhouse cooked right. First, they switched the Temps on my prime rib and her portehouse, so her porterhouse came out med rare and my prime rib came out med well. They turned to fix it and couldn't get her porterhouse cooked right. Finally, they just offered to take the porterhouse off the check. I would hope so! It wasn't eaten at all. This whole experience was crap. The only reason I'm giving them three stars is because of the busses edgar. He did an amazing job. He truly made the experience bearable.
If you sign up for their email club you get a free crepe cake. We had the French onion soup, bread basket, and chicken crepes all very good. This is our first time at the dinner hour and we still be back
My husband wanted to get a dream catcher for the little one, visiting Arizona and all. I came here yesterday with my family. They had a great price for a large one, but no choice for color - just black. We ended up getting 2 smaller ones, blue and white. Assistance from a young male working there lacked in the "niceness" department. Kind of a smart alec.
Foster Animal Clinc was the best. They treated. My dog's and myself with professionalism and respect!\nThe Dr and staff were extremely attentive. \nMy dog's will continue to patronize them for a long time!
Starting with the staff, I found them to be very friendly and very nice. They were thankful that we were there and did everything they could to accommodate us and a rather large group.  This is a very hard-working staff as they go out of their way to ensure that you are being served properly and are happy. \n\nThe food is tasty, although it is probably bad for you, but that's OK because what are you expecting anyway.  I recommend the chicken fingers they are good, I also recommend the nachos, those were pretty yummy as well. \n\nIf you are there for beers you will probably be OK with the selection they have. However if you are there for well drinks Move on, find another place. Their drinks are watered down. Although the prices seem to be OK on those well drinks, the reality is that you're not getting much of a punch out of them.  And while their food and craft beer selection is pretty good, this was such a disappointing aspect of this place I was really hoping for something a little better on those well drinks. \n\nI gave them two stars because of their service and because of their pretty decently tasting food. However I had a big issue with their well drinks.
This joint is actually better than Lucky Strike. OK well, it's not. It's the same, except that Lucky Strike has better food, and this place has way, way better service. The drinks are better at Lucky Strike, but this place has pool tables. \n\nThis place just feels less disjointed that LS, it feels more like a place where people who actually know how to bowl and play pool would not be embarrassed to show up. It's a sports bar that's plenty comfy for your girl and your business pals. \n\nDo it.
I'm a seasonal resident and have been dealing with Bulwark for about 5 years. Superb service, whether it's over the phone or the onsite technicians. Jake S. was by today for a short notice treatment and was professional and courteous as I've become accustomed too when dealing with this company. Highly recommend Bulwark.
Donna made this entire experience.  I was in town for a conference with some colleagues and she made us feel welcome regardless of whether we we were drinking great whisky or beer.\nStop by this place if you're in Toronto and want something a little less than a tourist trap.
PROS: \n- Good pizza\n- Relaxed atmosphere\n- Off the busy strip\n\nCONS:\n- slow service when more than 3 tables are filled\n- it's SO dark inside\n- miscalculated check DOUBLE CHECK YOUR CHARGES!!\n\nPizza was yummy. I tired a Build Your Own, and the Guinea's. The Guinea's lacked the garlic flavor I was expecting, but the Build Your Own pizza we ordered was delicious thanks to the sauce and dough. The dough is crisp, yet doughy inside. Here are my ratings (1 - 10, 10 being highest) for items i tried:\n\nBuild Your Own: 8\nGuinea's Pizza: 5\nSuicide Fries: 7\nGarlic Fires: 3 (needs garlic!)\nChicken Wing Dip: 7\n\nI was very UNIMPRESSED about the check. Our group ordered a number of items from the menu and many of them were charged incorrectly on the bill. There were items that were $0.25 - $7.50 overchared.  Also, tax was incorrectly calculated as well. The waitress told me that each item price on the check included tax, but this was obviously incorrect since some items on the checked actually matched the menu price, while others were higher than the menu price. \n\nI hope the manager(s) decides to convert to a computerized system.
Here's a few tips Pho Bamboo: 1- change your hours of operation on your website. If you're not open 10am-Midnight Saturday-Sunday.... don't have that show on yelp and your website. 2- if you close at 9pm, lock your door and turn your "Open" sign off when it's 9:23pm. 3) don't recommend we go to your "other location that's open til midnight" (pho Tempe) only to find them to be closed. Awful customer service and I don't recommend to anyone. The place was a mess too so maybe it was a blessing in disguise we weren't able to dine here.
I bought a grouponfor adrenaline atv and called to book a tour for my husbands birthday. It was easy to make the reservation even though I had the groupon. Sometimes people make a stink when theres a groupon involved! With adrenaline they actually helped me out by getting us the reservation for the day I needed! So we live in vegas but still opted to let them drive us to the valley of fire. Word of advice, sit in the front of the van! Especially if you spent the night prior out on the town if ya know what I mean. \n\nWhen we arrived we hung out a few minutes and were then split into groups. Those who have ridden and those who haven't. We went with the faster group. We were individually explained how to use the atv and asked if we wanted manual or automatic. They're very simple the gas is hand controlled and the brakes are both foot and hand controlled.  After doing a mini obstacle course we were on our way. The views are spectacular! It was a perfect day out to ride not hot, not cold. I couldn't imagine riding during the summer...but they do, they do tours every day all year unless it is raining. We were provided a sandwich, chips, potato salad, and cookie for lunch. The lunch box is from smiths.\n\nNow I wanna admit I kept 98% of the ride with the faster group and I had a blast even though I fell off. The road bobbed and I weaved and I, from what my husband told me, jumped off lol. It was completely my error and the guide came RIGHT away to make sure I was ok and offered to let me ride back in the truck. I said HELL NO and just kept going. This excursion made me want to buy an atv!!! \n\nTips:\nWear pants!!! The engines are hot and can burn your leg. I saw this first hand because a lady was wearing capris and she grazed her calf on the engine. \n\nLather on your sunscreen before! I can only imagine what happens when you apply sunscreen after you are all dusty. \n\nBring a hair brush. I looked like bride of frankenstein after I took my helmet off. \n\nHave fun!!!! We had a blast!
Service:  For a lunch hour it was the place to be!  However, we split to items on the menu and it took for EVER!  We ordered a salad to split and a hamburger.  We sat for a good 15 minutes between finishing our salad and the delivery of our hamburger.  And it was a bit frustrating when then table that sat down next to us was brought their meal way before ours came out!\nQuality of Food: My grandmother and I got the house salad to split and a hamburger.  The salad was brought out on separate plates; a bit smaller than I had thought...and definitely glad that I didn't get it just for lunch.  The hamburger was small!  Not cooked to our liking.  While they did take it back and "re-cook" the burger it seemed dry when it was brought out again.  \nService: it was OK.  When we brought our problem to the manager's attention she blamed the kitchen and how their ordering system worked.  I really didn't buy it as I had worked in restaurants before.  To her credit, she did take care of the meal.\nCleanliness: The restaurant seemed clean; it was the restrooms that were in need of attention!
Michelle Asterino was the nicest agent I have ever worked with.  She was so helpful and eager to help us find a place when we moved here from out of town and had very limited time to look. She took notes on what we liked and wanted and did everything right.
Went to Us Fries today as it is a newer place on Mill ave.  I gave it 2 stars, place is clean and people were nice just not informative of what the meal deal cost was.  Thats the good.  The ok is the poitine, i bought the pork 3 ways and it was Ok not bad but not great.  The really bad is the cost, the poutine was $7.99 and to make it a meal is $5.00 more which is really expensive to me for a drink and coleslaw (which i am sorry to say was awful).  The coleslaw was drowning in mayonaise and just about inedible to me.  So with all thus said, i gave the new place a try but based on cost and what you get for that cost i will not be back.
This place is top notch!  Love their service and they always are friendly and helpful. No thanks to RJ!
I was visiting a friend out in Eastlake when she recommended this place. The atmosphere had a traditional pizzeria feel. The dining booths had old jukeboxes where you can pick a song to play throughout the restaurant. However, none of them were working at the time and they eat my quarters up. We ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, it was delicious. It had the old thick crust feel to it, almost like deep dish. The toppings were large as well. Pricing was reasonable, $10 for a large, a little more for extra toppings. Service was great, the waitresses are always checking up on you. The workers multitask here as they cover the dining room and carry outs, but they seem to handle it well. I had a good experience here and from what I hear from the locals, this is one of the best pizza places on Cleveland's eastside.
As per usual this Starbucks is a disappointment again. Went through their drive thru (with zero cars in front of me) for 1 drink & waited over 10 min! After working as a partner for Starbucks 10 years on & off, I KNOW this is unacceptable as far as their standards & practices go. Every time I visit this location, somehow the employees always do something to make it a worthless trip. If I had not already paid for this drink, I definitely would've drove away. On top of waiting so long, the employee handed me the drink, didn't say thank you for the $1+ tip I gave them, & just stared at me blankly. I'm so tired of this particular location constantly being a disappointment. Last time I tried getting a coffee refill, they refused to do it without me going in & I couldn't with a baby in the car. Time before that, these jokers gave me a breakfast sandwich without warming it up. TRY GETTING NORMAL EMPLOYEES @ THIS LOCATION!
Friendly staff but not very secure. Homeless in the area spilled inside into the inner courtyard when we were there. Pool hours til 11, with lots of partying and screaming kids. If you're looking for quiet might not be your spot.
Best Chinese food I have had in years. I took the coupon in and had no trouble using it. Very friendly people and VERY GOOD food.  I went there a week ago and could not believe how fresh and tasty everything was. When I walked in I was greeted with a smile, asked if I wanted to have a seat or is this going to be to go. We sat and had one of the best meals I have had in a long time. Went back today to see if that was a one time thing. No, same smile and great service as last week. Ordered the spicy chicken same as last time and it was even better this time around. Hard to believe. This time I also ordered the spicy pork No doubt in my mind, My new favorite. This is the place to go if you want Chinese food.
Wow! Great experience I have fine thin hair Brittany did a great cut and color. She listened to my requests and my hair looks great. Will go back to see her for sure
Sambalatte will satisfy every espresso lover and coffee enthusiast. Located in  Boca Park, they offer deliciously brewed coffee, food and teas at competitive prices. Walking through the door, the aroma of coffee beans and fresh baked pastries make your mouth water.  They have a great selection of desserts - ooh so pretty.   Great people watching as you can sit inside or enjoy the nice spring air outside.  Finally, you can relax and sip while enjoying the moments that make life worth living.
My frames broke on Sat. Called my optical store and they would only sell me new frames for lots of $$$. All American was closed. Waited until Monday and took them in on my lunch hour. Glasses were fixed by 3:30 and picked them up on my way home. Great service, friendly, and very helpful...all with a 90 day guarantee . Why  would you go anywhere else for glasses repair.
Burger, cheeseburger, fries, onion rings and a milkshake for just about $20!\n\nThis place is great value when you want a burger. Cooked to order and got just what you want for burgers.\n\nThe fries were delicious. Onion rings I felt had a bit too much batter. And the milkshake, not you fancy ones but it's decent.\n\nNext time I want burgers, this is my go to. Not fancy and not a $10\/$20 burger, just simple stuff for great price.
Hands down the best mexican food in town!! Fresh vegetables and seafood. Great service. Seems to be family owned. Love it!!!
good food and nice environment but some of the staff is very mean and boring and act like they can't stand their jobs. my family and I were served by this younger girl one night (I don't remember her name) and she did not smile once at us, she did not make us feel welcomed. she made us feel like we made her night he worst night she's ever lived. that's how it felt. and it's not the first time we've gone and felt like the staff was unhappy. on the happier note though, I got a cheese pizza with tomatoes and it was DELICIOUS. I actually had ordered a regular cheese and pepperoni pizza and the girl who hated her life got my order wrong and gave me the tomato, but when I tried it I actually really loved it so I'm not even upset about that one. just wish we would've felt more welcomed into the place.
My family has been eating at Oyshi for years now. We love coming to this cozy little spot for Friday night dinners, especially on cold winter nights. The lovely people that work there know our orders: chirashi for Dad, some sort of warm dish for Mom (on our most recent trip, it was the unagi bento), kaki udong for my brother and I, and usually the dynamite maki for all of us to share. There's a reason we all order the same thing every time - the food is just plain good. The sashimi is fresh (the white tuna is to die for), the udong is warm and comforting, and the dynamite maki (shrimp tempura, salmon, avocado, cucumber, roe) has all of my favorite flavors rolled into one.\n\nAnd then they always give us a complimentary dish, usually cooked salmon or karaage chicken - and both are always delicious. Even if we're stuffed full from dinner, we can't help but polish off the extra dish every time!
Worst hookah experience ever! Charged 8 of us $10 cover each just to get into a place that was empty. Terrible service. One of the two hookahs we ordered was broken and they wouldn't even want to fix it. Unless you want to have a terrible time and get waxed, stay away from here. If you really want to get a great hookah bar experience go check out Oasis.
Cocos is a haven of reasonable pricing and good breakfast in overpriced Vegas. Good chicken fried steak!!!Close to MGM. Javier is awesome.
This subway is conveniently located in the Walmart shopping plaza by Panera Bread, and Panda Express. I usually visit this location after the gym when I am to exhausted to cook dinner for the night, but from my recent experience I will just go to Panera instead. I often visit the store two hours before closing and there is no line. \n\nThe store is somewhat clean but I feel that it could be a lot cleaner. The employees are somewhat nice because they greet you when you come in but hold little to no conversation with you while they are fixing your food. On my recent visit they were out of turkey. How does a sandwich place that specializes  in sandwiches don't have turkey. The employee told me this after I was half way done with my finances order.\n\nOn my most recent visit I felt as if I had received horrible customer service and the women simply hated her job. Other times I have visited this location and their was a man working and he was so nice and friendly and the restaurant was always clean.  \n\nI am unsure if I will ever return to this location.
Great for top rope climbing. Bouldering wall is to cluttered and confusing.\n\nClimbs: 3\/5 Fun but does not change frequently\nBusyness: 3\/5 often busy on weeknights.\nStaff: 4\/5 Friendly and helpful.\nChange room: 4\/5 Clean and spacious.\n\nI had a month pass here for top rope climbing. This is a great place for groups. The staff are friendly. Climbers tend to keep to themselves compared to other climbing gyms. The routes are long and fun but don't change very frequently. The icicle climb right at the front is very fun and if you make it to the top be sure to look out the window and gloat about how you saw the CN Tower.\n\nBouldering corner is small and very clustered. It's not easy mapping out problems. For this reason, this is more of a top rope\/lead rope kind of place. \n\nThe change rooms are surprisingly spacious with plenty of lockers. Showers are available. \n\nI would recommend this place for first timers if they are going with someone who has gone before. Also great for occasional drop-ins. Climbs don't alternate enough for me to justify monthly pass.
Moving here from Boston and flying to Boston and New York ~3x\/year (my hair grows slow, ok) for a haircut was getting a little expensive. I never, ever, thought I could find someone talented for a short haircut that could grow out and "become" another style before it was cut again. \nThrough a friend I heard about Ryan's. I went here and was really nervous I was going to walk out with a boring cut, like I had at ~3 other places in Charlotte (even the "edgy" places). Ryan worked his magic, and I will NEVER go anywhere else. \nI arrive and never ask for anything anymore, he just does a different and cool cut every time and I leave  feeling wonderful!\nYes, it's a bit pricey for Charlotte, but it's worth it. Don't forget cash for a tip!
The Dimsum was average just like any dimsum I had in the past and I stll think Ping Pang Pong is much better place for dimsum!  The price is ridiculously cheaper but for a quality, I will go back to P3!
We've been to streets of New York before at the centennial hills location and it was good.  Our experience here was poor.   Easy location to get to.  We walked in and the place was empty maybe it was the warrior cavalier game but empty nonetheless.   I ordered Caesar salad and pasta.   When the salad came, the lettuce had started to rot (turning red and black).  So we sent it back for another.  One would assume that the next when would come back in excellent shape but it came back worse than the 1st.   So I nixed the salad and had my pasta which was ok.   Don't know if we would give this location a 2nd chance.  The only reason we would consider is bc we had a much better experience at the other location.
Please take a moment to read about some killer customer service!! For those who know me, you know my car has looked like crap for a very long time... when people ask what happened, it became a joke to answer one word, Bobcat... not like the yellow piece of heavy machinery but as in a real live (now dead) bobcat that I hit on the way to Havasu Falls... I didn't want to turn it into insurance and I also take my car off road enough that I was worried if I got it fixed I would break it again.. so I kept driving it looking all crappy and broken, and the previously painted fender's paint looking horrible from an old paint job... I finally got tired of it so I reached out to my buddy @gabe_soto_006 at Nevada Auto Collision and then dropped it off to him while I was out of town this month on 2 of 3 trips...\n---\nFrom painting and installing the bumper, to painting the fender, to even fixing the trunk where my neighbor had backed into my car and didn't say a word, it was SUPER affordable and looks fantastic... and, he even had his guys shine up the headlights which were seeming quite a bit dim...\n----\nWe'll still probably always call my car bobcat, I'm just no longer embarrassed to drive it around... she looks good as new!!! Thank you so much, Gabe and Nevada Auto Collision!!! Please tag a friend who needs body work and hit up Gabe!
Great food. The service is good, but good be better in some aspects. Everyone is mostly friendly. \n\nWe ordered several items and pretty much shared everything. I really liked some of the spicy sauces that were brought out on the Chinese white spoons. The waitress explained them but I would have liked if she informed you what to pair them. I wasn't sure if went with something specific or if it was just for the table or etc.  \n\nMy burger was delicious. I added one of the spicy sauces and that made it that much better. The pretzel was the biggest one I have ever seen. It was really good. Soft, fluffy and Perfect. I also really liked the fried oysters - it had a really great flavor. Truffle fries were delicious as expected. Umami, we will definitely be back especially since I work basically next door. Yum!
If you love green tea, you will love this place.  Order a ice cream float and it was delicious.  Was skeptical to come here at first because everyone was complaining about the long line ups.  When I there the line was indeed very long but it was shorter than expected.  There was  a few customers out the door but the wait was around 10 min or so, which was not too bad.  \n\nNow on to the food.  The ice cream was amazing, best i've had so far.  I've been to similar places like Tendou and this was hands down the best.  The moment you put this in your mouth you'll notice a strong but not overwhelming taste of actual green tea, this mixed with one a soft and creamy ice cream makes a delicious experience. This place is definitely worth the wait and will go back if i'm in the area.  The only downside to this is the price, line up and the limited seating there, but it is understandable and very common for a place like this in the downtown core.
I love these historic grand hotels.  So, yes, I have a bias.\n\nThe architecture is excellent as it was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.  The lobby is nice, good choice of restaurants, the grounds are excellent and good pools.\n\nMy room is well appointed, nice workstation, nice bathroom with lots of room and a comfortable bed.\n\nI've stayed here before and look forward to doing so again.
Really really good Thai food with a lot of vegan options. I got the vegan pad Thai and spring rolls. They were both really delicious. Their service was good and their patio is fairly nice. Their prices are a bit high tbh. We had two entrees, spring rolls, and sangria ended up being $70+
I went to 3 stores looking for the battery I needed. I didn't find the battery or a sales person who cared to help. Then I stopped here. The man working was very attentive and helpful. I had a sensor with a low battery on my house alarm and it was causing the alarm to make noise day and night. The employee immediately handed me what I needed. He took several other customer service steps like greeting everyone who walked in professionally and he know the product. I won't go anywhere else for battery needs now.
Terrible customer service and the food was just okay. I wish we had just gone to Panda Express across the street. I'm sure the food would've been better and WAY cheaper.
Had brunch here on a Sunday before driving back to NYC and it was amazing. The service was great and the food was amazing. There was bit of a wait but we were seated after 15 minutes. The portions are huge! And the espressos are
Dave at Nippon Auto Works is awesome. He's super responsive and easy to work with and can accommodate your schedule. Just call ahead! Dave performs the work so you always know what you get and he is super thorough and efficient. I'm always happy to support small businesses and you'll always get excellent and prompt service.
My husband, toddler, and I went here on Mother's day recently and we were so happy we did! The food and service were impeccable. The restaurant was very clean and they were so nice and accommodating to my 18 month old.  Between all of us we got; Turkish coffee, spinach burger, gyro plate, mango ice cream, and baklava. Everything was delicious! We will definitely be back.
The build your own cookie is great.  Semi-sweet chocolate and toffee.  Nothing like walking home eating a warm cookie!\n\nI have also tried the already cooked ones - the gluten free ones are very very tasty.\n\nMy problem is that it is so close to my gym after I work out... temptation awaits!
Every time we've been there, we've been blown away in all the best ways. Service, quality, consistency, friendliness, design, flavor...it is just incredible from top to bottom. HUGE recommendation!
These are very nice apartments and the amenities are amazing, but these apartments are a rip off. Not only can you not pay with personal check, you have to pay cash, cashiers check or online (which they push on you HARD) but in order to use the online service- you are charged $3 minimum to use it for you bank account (routing\/acct #s) or to use a Debit\/credit card, you'll be charged $43 on top of your monthly rent. They don't do a 'pet deposit' they do a pet charge. $300 for ONE PET. non refundable. Make sure you fulfill your lease commitment. There lease break requirements are basically 3X the amount of rent. We signed a 3 month lease and paid for a portion of march, all of April, all of May and all of June. I've lived in a few apartments and I've never had to pay so many fees just to get in! You pay $50 PER PERSON. JUST TO APPLY FOR THIS PLACE!!!! \nGo somewhere else- don't waste your money here. Plus their security is a joke. The noise complaints do nothing. \nPS the pool isn't heated lol \n*update* \nThey have responded below and I just wanted to give a reply back: \nYes I realize the agreement I signed had those fees, but when I signed them- I thought- eh this place looks awesome can't wait to live here and it that it would be worth it. Then after about 2 weeks I realized that I had been mistaken. I stand by what I've said above and continue to not recommend these apartments to everyone. Maybe you guys should take into consideration all your reviews and make some changes, then you'd get better reviews.
Never had a dish I didn't like from here! My co-workers and I always order from here!  Their quick and staff is awesome.( though sometimes hard to understand because of the accent). The pop sticker's are delicious!   It's Thai food all the time at the Rise!
Meh, nothing exciting.\nFresh, decent, reasonably priced. Tastes like Harvey's burger.
After coming to Bouchon for our friend's birthday a month ago, my wife and I knew that when we came back for Valentines Day weekend, we would go back. Both occasions, we had brunch. Even though they don't take reservations for weekend brunch, the wait of approximately 30 minutes, didn't bother us at all when waiting in this gem, housed in the Venetian. \n\nOrdered the chicken and waffles on the waiters request, and it was absolutely delicious. Pair that with coffee and finishing the meals with the beignets have our day a perfect start. \n\nService, quality and the feeling of not feeling like we are in Vegas, makes Bouchon a must visit every time we do visit Vegas.
Just happened to be nearby when I stayed in Lake Las Vegas...peeped my head into what is one of the smallest casinos I've seen!  No Table games...everything is video....even a video roulette and video black jack with a dealer.  I guess I shouldn't expect much since there isn't much in the Lake Las Vegas area....
This place has made great improvements!!! When I first started stopping by this place, the staff seemed to be very young and immature. I had a hard time getting my order right. It seemed that the staff didn't take their jobs seriously. With the mediocre service and bland food, I stopped going to this restaurant. The other day I was running late for an appointment and wanted something quick and healthy. To my surprise, there was a totally different staff. The service was much better and my food order was quickly made and given to me. If they can continue better service as this, I will be more than happy to frequent this establishment.
Loved the whole experience here! Sushi amazing, loved the cucumber roll a bit pricey but very good!! The hamachi was delicious, my cocktails were very good! The best is the crispy rice cooked to perfection, loved the music and ambiance, gets you in the mood to party after dinner!
If you get the chance to check out Town Square and do some shopping, Tommy Bahama's is a great place to eat lunch or dinner.  It is so nice to sit outside on the patio when the weather is nice!  Sometimes there is a band playing live music in the grassy area nearby which sets a nice atmosphere.  \n\nWe have tried:\n\nLOKI-LOKI TUNA POKE*\nFresh Ahi Napoleon, guacamole, capers, soy and sesame oil with island flatbread $16.50 \n\nLOVE IT!  \n\nSABA STEAK SALAD*\nMarinated, char-grilled tenderloin medallions, grilled potatoes, roma tomatoes, shiitake chips, garlic aioli & tamarind vinaigrette $17.50 \n\nCABO FISH TACOS\nBlackened white fish, blended corn & flour tortillas, pico de gallo, chipotle aioli & Asian slaw $14.00 \n\nWe were pleased with everything each time we ate here... oh and the bread with butter they bring out is awesome yummy!  :)
Had a layover, was craving a cheeseburger, so I thought this would be the perfect place!\n\nI put in my name, waited 5-10 minutes. The hostesses were giggling and did not seem to care much about customer service. They did not make much eye contact or smile, and seemed to have a bit of an attitude.\n\nWhen I was sat down, took another 5-10 minutes for my server to take my order. I ordered the frenchie (turkey burger). It took another 15-20 minutes to come out. The food was pretty good, but the wait time was way too long (especially for an airport). My server did not come check on me, so I had to get up and grab some silverware myself. My check took another 5-10 minutes after I requested it while eating.\n\nWhile eating, I noticed probably 80% of the servers did not look happy at all. Not a typical "stressed-cause-it's-busy" look, but really a "I-hate-this-place" look. Does not make a pleasant atmosphere when everyone has attitude.\n\nThe tables were also crammed very close to each other. The atmosphere overall was really, even for an airport. Very loud in there.\n\nI would not return. It is 2 stars and not 1 because I usually just give 1 star if the food is inedible...and the actual food was pretty good, although messy.
Didn't like it,  food is plain and boring nothing special about this place.  I make a better breakfast\/lunch at home! Service was ok we were the only ones in there.\nMost likely not going back.
- Valid thru 7 Jul there's a "Celebrate BBQ at BJ's with a FREE ENTREE of equal\/lesser value with purchase of an entree!" offer you can obtain by clicking on it at \nhttps:\/\/www.facebook.com\/BJsRestaurants\n- Great beer & lunch meal specials, convenient location near Costco, Lowe's, Best Buy, etc.\n- Friendly service, nice decor and reasonable prices.
The WORST ihop I have ever been to. This is the second time where there are only two tables and three servers. We waited a good ten minutes before someone even acknowledged us as we grabbed our own menus to seat ourselves. So we got sat, again there are only two tables and three servers running around. We sat for fifteen minutes while the servers would pass us and not even bother to ask if we wanted something to drink. We ended up getting up and leaving and as I walked out I told one of the servers no one bothered to come over to us. No apology nothing. We just left. Personally, I'd spit on their establishment and the person that trained these guys. I'm not expecting a five star dining experiencing, but come on, at least better service than that. I will be calling the manager.
I have been to Vegas every year for the last 6 years (Since turning 21), and always make an event out of it.  These club crawls have become popular for the last 3 or 4 years, and this trip, we finally tried one out.  We chose Sin City Club Crawl based on reviews and price, and we are glad we did.  We did the Saturday night package which started out at PBR Rockbar.  It included a free drink, free eats, and then a ton of free beer as we started playing drinking games.  We also went during the rodeo so seeing Miss Rodeo USA on the mechanical bull definitely caught our attention.  We then went to Gallery which was a really nice bar\/club scene.  I wish we stayed a few minutes longer as the Pussycat Dolls were about to dance.  We then took a party bus to the Chateau, and that included a bunch of free drinks and dancing on the stripper pole.  One thing I noticed up to here was how the hosts were so good about making sure everyone had a great time.  I danced and met with a lot of new people, and even tried to meet up with some of them the next day.  They were great hosts.  Chateau had a good size line, but we didn't wait, we walked up and right in to the club.  The club was big and had a lot of dancing.  The drinks were pricey, but one drink kept me buzzed enough.  Great views on the balcony here.  We then took the party bus to Pure, which was actually a little disappointing, but before going in, I asked about the strip club to end the night, and we were told to call the number on the wristband.  I actually liked being chaperoned all night and not having to think about what happened next, so not having their flashy lights guide me into another bus dropping me off to nude women was a little disappointing, and ultimately we missed out on that bonus stop.  Either way, I will always make sure I do this club crawl when I am in Vegas.  Well worth it.
Thank you lady barista who makes my drink just right, every time!
My review is mixed.  My mother and I went in for main-pedi. \n\nI was there for a full set of acrylic with gel polish.  I wanted gel on the fingernails, but standard polish on the toes.\n\nMom was there for the standard french mani-pedi.\n\nPositive Comments:\nThe full-set acrylic work was very good.  No too bulky.\nI was also very impressed that they could match any gel polish choice with the same standard polish color. (I got gel on the new acrylics and standard on the toes...they match perfectly)\n\nNegative Comments:\nMother was not satisfied with the workmanship on her french mani and pedi.  She commented that it looked like a child had done it.\n\nBoth Pedicures:  They could have lasted longer.  The initial soak was in straight up warm water...nothing added. So less than 5 minutes of our feet going in, they were pulling them out and working on the toes. \n\nThey only use a small cheap pumice on your feet.\n\nThe massage is VERY short.  \n\nWould I go again?:  Probably not.  There were good points, but not good enough to make me return.\n\nAgain, MY full set acrylics was good; however, she should have done a third coat of that particular gel polish (I can see through the nail tips).
This place was great! Sad I only have 3 breakfasts to work my way through the menu. I got the "eggs bennie"- a twist on traditional eggs Benedict with savory bread pudding instead of English muffins...it messed with my head a little bit since I'm used to sweet bread pudding, but I love trying something different and this was definitely unique! My fiancé got the chili rellano, which was bomb. Tomorrow I think I'm gonna go red velvet pancakes...\n\nThe service was wonderful- we were seated quickly and had a lovely waitress who gave us giant waters to go so we could brave the Phoenix sun!
Very disappointed.  I love this place but seems this location so happens to never have what I want. They say they are out. Ok so there's a new promotion going on I say and this is what prompted me to go. I really went just for the new dessert but it was 5:30pm and they did not have it. So I ordered some sushi and a drink and then tried to order dessert but they did not have the cappuccino mouse cake. Again this was my whole purpose of coming. I even told my server I will be ordering it before I even placed my food order. I was very dissatisfied with this. I would not normally blast anyone, but just seems that every time I go there they are out of something
It's a no kill shelter so it's hard for me to hate.... BUT.....\nThe S.P.C.A. used to have it so that you could walk through the back where all of the dogs are (LIKE MOST SHELTERS DO) and look at all of the available dogs. The changed it about a year ago so that you can only see the dogs through the pictures online or on the album placed at the front counter. Why? I don't know. It slows down the process of seeing dogs big time and also doesn't this lower the adoption rates? Some dogs just aren't photogenic and you're taking away their chance to shine through personality. It's hard to "judge" a dog by just a picture and it sucks having them pull out a dog from the back and having to say no after realizing the dog was bigger than you expected or had a different personality than you were looking for. \nCats are still all in the 3-4 rooms. You're free to go in and look\/play with them. Nothing has changed there!
Service was good. The food was good and seasoned well. I wanted fried chicken but they were out of white meat. I had grilled salmon, creamed potatoes, Mac and cheese, and green beans. Definitely, going back and trying the chicken.
Dogs of all shapes and sizes surround you and you can't help but smile.
First time at Bobby Q's today, even though I live less than 10 min away. Killer cornbread. Had lunch platter with pulled pork, pulled chicken, and brisket. Pork was good. Liked the sauce. Chicken was juicy and tender. I'm Texan and BBQ is in my blood, so re brisket was "just ok." No bark on it and it was a little dry. Roasted veggies were good side for lunch, though I'm sure the Mac n cheese would have tasted fantastic. Will be back.
Ne serait-ce que pour le décor et l'ambiance, c'est un must. Les drinks sont deliciosos!
This is my favourite Pancho's in the city. \n\nFirst off, the owner is super friendly. You can tell he genuinely cares about providing a good guest experience. He also fried up some great churros, so he's got that going for him as well.\n\nThe churros are on par with other churro places in the city. I got the dulce de leche filling (which is my favourite one, followed by chocolate - honestly though, sometimes I just like them plain too).\n\nThere was quite a bit of seating, unlike the Dufferin location. I think this place would serve better as a grab and go spot as opposed to having so much seating. I'd like to stop in one day and try some of the other items they have.\n\nThree churos for $5 is a steal.
Recommended by a realtor we know.  They did two local moves for an elderly relative that sold her single family home and moved her stuff into a storage unit.  We used them the second time when she was ready to move into her town home.  They were very polite, careful with her belongings and did exactly what they promised to do.  We highly recommend them due to their great work and reasonable hourly rates.  Thanks Otto!  I recommended you to a friend for her mother and she told me today that they are going with you guys.  Glad to hear it.
The only dim sum in brampton, like tremendous in Mississauga.  The dim sum is alright and there are choices like tremendous.
A must visit establishment in the Point Claire area of Montreal. Food is always cooked to perfection and the wine list is amazing!
One of my reps brought me here for lunch today. We had chips n guac. The guacamole was great, as were the assorted salsas. He recommended the duck tacos. I give the tacos 4 stars.. because I love duck.. and tacos. The combination of the two is genius. Beans and rice were bleh. Not a whole lot of flavor there. Our waitress was kind of a snatch. All in all a good time-
Oops got here at 8:08 this morning and they weren't ready to serve breakfast burritos sorry would have liked the breakfast burritos from Jefes today.
It's way overrated. I was so looking forward to the crack pie and it was ok. Nice but nothing to be addicted to. Same with the cereal milk ice cream. And I like cereal milk but this was just ok. Nothing that I really need to go back for. Same with the compost cookie. I had such high expectations but they are so overpriced for what you get. Try Costco large chocolate walnut cookies (6 for $6.99) and you will know what a 5 star cookie taste like.  There are so many other better alternatives to spend your calories.
I would rate Sea as an average restaurant in Las Vegas. The pricing was reasonable, and the food was average.We wanted a light meal so we went with a couple of appetizers. The honey walnut shrimp was tasty, the appetizer portion had about 10 shrimp, but there was way too much breading on them. The spring rolls were good, especially the sauce that they were in. This was also a decent size portion. My friend that got the pad Thai, she said it was average.\n\nI would recommend this restaurant if you want something low-key.
Fun vibe with great outdoor seating and bar area.  We tried three different tacos, chicken, pork & salmon and all were excellent.  If you don't like a sauce, they will leave it off and bring you eight more to choose from at your table, all homemade and delicious.  If you like salsa, don't skip the salsa & chips.  It isn't free like most Mexican restaurants, but it is far more tasty!  It too is made fresh daily and the heat can vary.  Last week it was milder, last night almost too hot for me, but my wife LOVED it.  Had to bring home an extra order!  We are going back.
Although I do not care for the red sox, I enjoyed the atmosphere. The owners have that boston attitude but do it carefully not to sound threatening, while having fun and needling. We were going back and forth and having a good time, my kids enjoyed it.\n\nWe got 4 slices of plain, $2\/slice isn't terrible pretty standard. I loved it. Thin crust with a nice crisp and you can fold it in half and just chow on down! My kids split a chicken bomb sub, was delicious! Like a chicken cheese steak almost! The service was ok, the other people that work there besides the owner just don't seem to be into it as much. Understandable. Love the place though and wish them all the luck! Keep it up!
I came here with a group of 4 and I ordered the Lola. Overall, the burger was delicious, but honestly it's very hard to mess up a burger with a juice thick cut of burger patty and fried egg. The pickle bar is definitely worthy of an added star. However, all 4 burgers ordered were overcooked. They should be able to cook the burgers to how it's ordered for a place that specializes in only burgers. On top of that, the fries were super greasy and soft - not good. I still enjoyed the flavors of my burger, but the overall experience was just average.
i-Technique came highly recommended when my precious MacBook Pro died a few days before I had to hand in a major report. \n\nNot only did I learn the importance of backing your stuff on a regular basis (back up! back up! BACK UP!) but that it's hard to find a reliable and dependable shop that can help me with my problem. Enter i-Technique. \n\nBrad is knowledgeable and dependable, and I felt very assured that the problem was going to get resolved. I was lucky that the problem with my laptop was fixable. \n\ni-Technique may be a little further away from my house than the Apple Store at the Eaton Centre but I will happily make the trek to receive prompt, exceptional customer service and great results.
I tried one at NYC, it's WAAAAYYY BETTER than this one. \n\nThe portion is so little for the price. The meat was dry and the rice is so greasy.\n\nOne thing that I hate the most is their service. not sure because it's new, the line is moving really slow. The people who are working on the line are not paying attention to what customer said, so we have to say it 2-3 times and it yet still wrong.
Very crowded restaurant with mediocre service and food. I had a BLTA (bacon, lettuce tomato and avocado) sandwich on sourdough bread. It was just ok and not memorable! The restaurant packs a great crowd so maybe other options on the menu are more tastier and popular. The menu has so many beef\/smoked meat choices that it was difficult to make a decision.
BEST DOUGHNUTS IN TOWN...in the valley...the state...the country...in the world. Basically it's the best. I had their orange pistachio doughnut and it changed my life. It's a doughier doughnut, and ugh it's so good. I would HIGHLY recommend this place. The workers are super friendly and helpful. GO HERE NOW.
Spent some time in here for dinner before a play across the street.\n\nDislike: the $5 beer special and a really good caesar salad.\n\nDislike: the server telling me I had to sit at the bar because the place gets busy when the game starts..in two hours (it was empty at the time).  Basically wouldn't serve me until I moved, and was slow (possibly on purpose) after that.  Wings were terrible.
They were scheduled to be at my house at 8:00AM and arrived at 7:40AM, which was perfect!  They did a great job cleaning both inside and out, and the sun screens.  There was even one screen that was difficult to get clean and Tim went back to the office to get a different cleaner for the stubborn dirt\/stain.  Well done job!  I would use them again and they are very reasonably priced.
I was in need of a class b cdl. I was recommended this place from other coworkers. I took the pre trip class and the road test here. They are thorough yet easy to understand in their instruction. Thanks to them I passed.
Just a cozy, tiny cafe in the heart of Montreal. The breakfast items weren't mind blowing. The service was great and the location was convenient. I just didn't find anything absolutely amazing.
Always a very good experience when we get food here. The wings are fabulous and the wood fired meatball pizza is amazing.\n\nThe pizza consists of basil, fresh ricotta, and meatballs. These flavors just blend together perfectly.
I don't really see what the big deal is about this place. I went with a large group so we had a fixed price menu for $42+18% gratuity. The food was decent - the duck confit fried rice was good. Not worth the price IMO. There are tons of good mexican places downtown where you'll get better value. The other problem with this place is that they won't split the bill which is super annoying when you have a large group. It took us an extra 20 min to settle the bill so unfortunately they couldn't turn the table over right away. C'mon Valdez, get with it.
Shout outs to my man Greg at the bar who has always taken care of me and my friends every single time we come in. The staff is great and Greg is on point all day everyday! Quick service and friendly! Tempe food is great but the staff makes this place one of a kind!
The food here is absolutely excellent. Having lived in the south for a year, I know good étouffée when I eat it! The outside of the building is beautiful and a bit deceptive when compared to the actual dining room, which had way too many tables in it. So many that the servers couldn't navigate the room without bumping into my chair EVERY time they passed me. The dining room was very loud, too. Perhaps due to the fact that the place was packed, but loud nonetheless for a white table cloth experience. We started out in the bar, but moved to the dining room because live music from upstairs poured into the bar and made conversation challenging. This was topped off by  a child at the next table who cried loudly for at least 20 minutes. No one on the restaurant staff asked the parents to take the child outside so people could eat in peace. The service was ok to start, but our empty plates sat in front of us for 20 minutes before I asked the server to clear them. Bottom line: excellent food, but if I go again, I'll get the food to go. The atmosphere and service are better at home.
I'm quite happy that Hakka Legend was referred to me.\n\nI only go to Hakka Legend during lunch hours when I'm at work, so I'm not sure how this place is in the dinner time.\n\nWhat keeps me coming back is the super cheap prices they have on the lunch specials. And it's anything you could wish for! Ranging from chow mein, to sweet and sour meats to fried rice. You get all that carby goodness!\n\nI've really liked the honey garlic chicken so far. Though I do suggest asking for a little less sauce since they tend to over do it, and the sauce can get pretty sweet at times. I've also gotten the sweet and sour chicken, and the curry chicken. \n\nHere's what I noticed about Hakka Legend. Anything you order, it will come deep fried. It was quite a surprise that the chicken pieces in the curry were battered and deep fried. It was a bit weird at first, and I wouldn't choose conventional curry over it, but it was interesting.\n\nWhat I like is with any amount of sauce you can put on their deep fried meats, it never gets soggy. There's always that great flavourful crunch. \n\nThe number one reason I like about this place, is just how utterly fast the food comes. And having to drive roughly 7 minutes to get here, and 7 minutes back is great for me. Fast service, fast food.\n\nIt's always worth it to come here!
Long day and the celebration haven't even begun. I dropped my bag off and went to the hotel for a drink and a bite to eat. The bartender was really friendly and checked on me frequently. I ordered a Bloody Mary and it wasn't to bad. For my meal I ordered the Pittsburgh salad with salmon for $18. I must say this salad was huge it was loaded with eggs,salmon and fries . This isn't bad for a hotel restaurant
Updated review....Just tried getting our second order through groupon.  Found out they were out of mushrooms!  A pizza joint OUT of mushrooms!! Ugh...needless to say..I doubt we will even use our second groupon.  What a waste...definitely will complain to groupon.\n\nFirst review....Not sure how this is getting such a high rating.  Went in with a groupon for our first time trying this place.  Ordered a pizza with sausage and shroom...and one with pepperoni and olive.  Brought our pizzas home...found out they forgot olives.  We didn't feel like driving all the way back....so we just ate the plain pepperoni.  The pizza was overcooked...and the crust was so tough.  It was like eating jerkey.  We will give it another try..since we have the remaining groupon..hopefully it'll be better.
A friend and I stopped by to get a plant or two and a cute little succulent. Beautiful shop covered in bird cages, you can't miss it! The owner is a lovely kind lady, who advised us on which plants were best for us. She was super cute. She even gave us a couple flowers for good luck on our sunny Sunday, which was a generous gesture. Will be going back for sure! Check it out!
My perspective is from die-hard N.Y. Giants fan and all around bar fan. This bar is only one of two bars in town that cater to 'NY Giants' fans. As you read this review, keep in mind that this was an early game but this is football season in Vegas and I have been to bars for early games and they were as busy as if it were Monday Night Football.\n\nCONS:\nThis place is not advertized to the general public as a NYGiants themed bar in the Las Vegas area. I found out about this place through a buddy of mine. The reason they can't advertise as being a Giants bar is because one of the criteria required by the Las Vegas Review Journal is that you cater only to the team support and not show any other game while your team is playing. But, they do, they have every game on TV and they display the Giants game on the big screen with sound. This in and of itslef is not that big of a deal because there is a decent amount of Giants fans in the place, but there are also plenty of fans of other teams too and that kind of takes away from the whole concept.\n\nThey raffle prizes at half-time but they are freebies they get from vendors and none Giants related. \n\nThe bartender wears a Philidelphia Eagles jersey every week. \n\nSmoking is allowed and ventilation is definitely lacking.\n\n\nPROS:\nBecause its definitely a locals place, the price is right. The service is always excellent. The staff is welcoming. The customers are friendly and the place is set up pretty nicely. The menu is pretty good. When I go to an early game I have the stake and eggs with hashbrowns and choice of toast for $9. It's absolutely excellent!, Well cooked and delicious. The beer always cold and on point. I'd already had breakfast so I just had the potato chip fries. These chips are very good. \n\nCONCLUSION:\nAs a bar it gets four stars but I only go during football season to watch the Giants when their not already on TV so that's all I have to go by. I gave the place three stars instead of two as a 'Giants' bar because it is as close to a Giants bar as any other bar gets in this town and beggers can't be choosers. I'd give it four stars if they were a strickly Giants bar, and five if the bartender didn't wear an Eagles jersey. If you're a football fan you understand.
Amazing customer service with comfy beds and clean room in convenient location. I've stayed in this hotel on 3 different occasions over the past few years and I plan to book again in the future. Thank you for making me feel at home!
Worst breakfast I've ever had, and they are expensive too. I won't recommend it to anyone who expect a good Chinese breakfast.
Friday afternoon Happy Hour and the place was .. well it was not rockin'.  Here for a co-worker's farewell, but if it wasn't for the b-ball games on their large screen TVs... we were half the patronage.\n\nOur waitress was very friendly actually and attentive, always checking up on us w\/out being pushy.  Food is 2 star mediocore (it's a bar), but an extra star granted for the sober shuttle...  that's awesome.
great specials and atmosphere ! went on a browns Sunday great crowd and staff was helpful
1st noticed Rivas when i saw the sign out front for buy 1 get 1 chicken burritos.."Buy 1 Get  1 free Chicken burritos" !!!...dont get any better than that in my book...prices are fair and the food has always been good..close to my house definately run through here at least 1 time a week...
Today I had the best haircut of my life and it was all thanks to Bekah!! Her prices are very reasonable and she is so fun to talk to. She is patient and hard working and will dedicate her time to give you the perfect cut. I am so excited to comeback to her soon. Wow I cannot stress enough how happy I am to have found her! The salon is clean and cute and all the girls seem to know what they're doing. Would definitely recommend to a friend!
Yummy. Flaky. Cholesterol-y. What's not to love?\n\nBACKGROUND\n---------------------\nI drive down Indian School Road all the time. And one day, weeks ago, a bright yellow sign within a routinely ignored stripmall caught my eye as I neared 9th St. \n\n"Navajo Frybread!" it beckoned. I would then space out on the road and salivate at the thought of relinquishing myself to its siren call, but then I'd realize I actually had a destination to get to and would put my foot back on the accelerator. Until the one day Sacred Hogan *was* my destination. Boy, I feel completely lame for holding out for so long, given how close this place is. But here goes...\n\nTHE SETTING\n--------------------\nLocated in a dinky nondescript strip mall (surprise!), the sign above the restaurant exclaims "Yaa'teeh" which is a Navajo greeting. \n\nUpon entering the restaurant, you'll see it's an extremely casual joint.  Nothing fancy here. A few booths on one side of the room. Some tables elsewhere. Gumball and toy vending machines in one corner. A newspaper rack carrying The Navajo Times in another. And in yet another, a refrigerated drink section, complete with Shasta soda (man, I haven't had Shasta since I was 8!). And of course, folks dining and totally being into the food. Plus "Kick-Ass!" hot sauce on every table. I'm liking this.\n\nThere was no bathroom from what I could see (maybe you have to go through the kitchen?). Other than that, it's order at the counter and then they'll bring you your grub. And as for what awaits at the counter...\n\nTHE MENU\n----------------\nFirst off, a quick backstory on Navajo frybread which I rediscovered while researching the history of the hogan. In 1864, around 8,000 Navajos had their land seized and crops destroyed and were sent on "The Long Walk" to Fort Sumner, New Mexico, where they were kept in captivity for 4 years. They were given meager and sometimes rancid food commodities by the federal government, and through what they had with white flour, salt, and lard, frybread was created. From the personal accounts I've read, frybread now holds a special place for many Navajo and natives of other tribes, and is to be consumed until the earth is once again purified. Quite a heavy history for something so simple, but for what it's worth, it's pretty delicious and filling.\n\nThere are quite a few options on the menu. You could get a full Navajo taco for $7.49 or thereabouts and 1\/2 taco for $5.49 or so. They have red and green chili beef tacos among many others, sweet fry bread dusted with sugar and other optional goodies, blue corn mush with cedar ash, mutton stew, and more. \n\nI opted to just have a 1\/2 red chili taco to start with since I've been making one too many gluttonous choices lately. \n\nVERDICT?\n---------------\nI liked my taco. I think part of it is the familiarity. American Indian frybread seems almost identical to *Indian* Indian frybread (the venerable puri and bhatura) so the taste of frybread is once and always familiar to me. Not sure if that's a good thing for my heart or my gut. Never mind. I already answered that in my head.\n\nThe rest of the taco was tasty, too. The red chili beef was good, although the dash of hot sauce definitely helped give it a needed kick. Diced red onions, tomatoes, and shredded lettuce helped complete the package (I left out the cheese, just in case my stomach decided to be reactionary that day).\n\nI'm going to have to check their other specialties at some point (I'm especially curious about the blue corn mush with ash), and indulge in a sweet dessert frybread once I can fit in my work slacks again from 3 months ago. Tight pants suck.\n \nHOW IS IT COMPARED TO FRY BREAD HOUSE?\n--------------------------------------------------------------------\nDo the Navajo and the O'odham have different ways of making fry bread? I haven't gone to Fry Bread House in a long time, so I'm not sure. I'll defer to Cher for the expert's opinion. But my stomach was completely fine after eating here, so maybe the Fry Bread House uses more milk powder in its recipe? Although the recipe for frybread seems pretty simple, so maybe it's the way the bread is kneaded and what it's fried in? Don't know.\n\nFINAL WORDS\n-------------------\nWhile Sacred Hogan's frybread won't be part of my daily dietary intake, they could be a great occasional treat. A nice new addition to the neighborhood and open on Sunday to boot, which is a bonus for a city where practically 70% of non-chain restaurants take the day off. \n\nAnd Yelp: Add Native American as a restaurant category!  \n\n4 stars.
Soooooo...what can i say...ive been here about 4 times total and this last visit was very disappointing and i am being generous. The place usually fills up quickly and if you want to make reservations make sure its two weeks im advance. There were five of us for a friend's bday and i got there nice and early and was served a drink almost immediately but when my friends arrived every course took a half hour or more..including our drinks!!! We Ordered off the tapas menu and then portions would not even satiate a ant....food was good don't get me wrong but the service was excruciating...and when the staff finally acknowledged our existence...we cancelled our drink order and got the hell out of there!!! Moral of the story: don't go with a group of 4 or more people!!!!
3 1\/2 Stars \n\nLoved the atmosphere! We sat at the bar first and had a cocktail to get started, although this seemed to have been frowned upon because we were getting the look to sit and eat!! Nevertheless we sat in time of our reservation and enjoyed ourselves!!\n\nWe had started with the Cheese Plate and Scallop with Chorizo, Carrot, and a Maple Butter. The Cheese plate was lacking and not my favorite cheese plate in town. However the Scallop was really well prepared, it was cooked just right and the flavors were great!!\n\nFor my Entree I had the Halibut with Lobster and Lobster Butter with Asparagus It was cooked good and I ate everything on my plate, but I just felt like it was missing some flavor. My Friends also had the Halibut and  the Wahoo Special which was over cooked but tasty!!\n\nAll in all this was a good meal the server was great (Ty) and suggested great wine! I would come again and get that Scallop!! I just wasn't Wowed
Totally cool Lady serving the nicest breakfast :-) cool music, very good food and a cool atmosphere. Not cheap, but its worth every dime.\n\nTotally recommend it, lovin it!
My favourite book store! I love everything about it! \nWide selection of books! I find he latest books here! It's all organized and easy to find! They also have a huge area for books on sale marked-down to $10. or less and these aren't old, old books?\nI love the lighting. Soft, not to clear and sharp. \nI love how they arrange books in between some other small finds. It give a breathing space. Not too heady feel. \nI love that they have a little of everything! Bags, scarves, teas, water bottles and many other small finds. They also have chocolates, popcorns and candies too! \nThe space lay-put isn't structured like a stiff books store. \nThey also have an area for infants, toddlers and kids with clothes, toys and many other stuff.\nI like the gadget corner too! \nI also like it that they have Starbucks too! \nPrices are reasonable. \nMost staff are quite knowledgable of their products. Not too much with the gadget area tho. \nParking is good o side the plaza.
I made an appointment for 8:30 p.m. and my party arrived exactly on time. The staff sat my party at some random tables without even acknowledging us about when our main table would be ready. This restaurant has a well known name and I am extremely upset and shocked that the service is beyond poor. The service at a non fine dining restaurant has better service. Thumbs down and Yes I am still waiting as I am writing this review. It has been 30 minutes late so far. Shame!
I gave 4 stars for the fast and courteous service . \n\n3stars for the food , I felt the portion size was good , the freshness of the veggies great, but the flavor was lacking a little. I will go back because I can't resist a well cooked chicken and broccoli, maybe it will be exceptional the next time. IF not , I'll still have some perfectly steamed broccoli florets lol.
If you don't try bang bang, you don't know how good a cup or a waffle full of ice cream can taste. Yes, the wait is long, expecting a good 20 minutes spent here. I would suggest coming with a group of friends to make the wait a little bit bearable. Recommend the weird sounding favour, you won't get it anywhere.
Went here tonight with the family and we were blown away at how amazing it was! Everything was so fresh and delicious, my kids are very picky eaters and they loved their pizzas! We are going back tomorrow because it was so good! Great service as well, manager was extremely polite and kind!
What has taken us so long to dine at celebrity and award-winning Chef Scott Conant's D.O.C.G. Enoteca before? Since 2010, Chef Conant opened two Italian restaurants (D.O.C.G. and Scarpetta) in The Cosmopolitan Hotel, we've passed by numerous times on our way to other restaurants or boutiques. So this time, on our 2-day jaunt to Las Vegas, I decided to make reservations.  I chose D.O.C.G. over the sleek, sophisticated and earthy Scarpetta.  D.O.C.G. Enoteca is definitely more casual, rustic and yet modern.  \n\nMelissa was our fresh-faced, personable and attentive server. She was efficient without being rushy or obtrusive. Her friendliness matched the casual rustic restaurant as she brought out our selections in relaxed succession. We had an early dinner reservation because we were leaving Las Vegas in the next morning and we wanted to "squeeze" in a couple more hours of gambling. \n\nWe started with the feature appetizer, a plate of 6 deep-fried semolina crusted oysters with Tabasco aioli.  We paired it with a bottle of 2013 Jermann Pinot Grigio that was crisp, citrusy and peachy with a smooth finish.  Melissa recommended some pasta and pizza but upon perusing the menu, we decided upon pasta. My husband chose Pici which was a bowlful of hand crafted short, thick spaghetti with braised duck sauce and black truffles. The duck sauce was chock-full of tender braised shredded duck meat. While I ordered Scialatielli that was composed of handcrafted tubular pasta with lobster and shrimp arrabbiata.  The arrabbiata wasn't overly spicy or tomatoey.  Both pastas were perfectly cooked and the sauces seemed to coat every nook and cranny of the pasta shapes. \n\nWhile dining, Melissa came by regularly to refill our water and wine glasses. We were considering ordering dessert wine but my "sweet tooth" chose the Salted Caramel Budino with pretzel toffee. The Budino was an intensely flavored salted caramel pudding that we paired with coffee. It was rich, sweet, creamy and rounded out our dinners. \n\nOur tastebuds and stomachs had been treated to authentic flavorful rustic Italian cuisine.  We ended our dining experience feeling full of energy and continued our evening by gambling until the "wee hours" of the next morning.
Serrano's is a great little gem I found passing by and boy have I been happy with them! I love the salsa selection, the refill on chips and the agua frescas they have are great. I have been back 3x now and will be back many more.
Came to do my review thinking this place was new. Guess not.  But they do everything very well, great service, great food, lots of TV's but it doesn't feel like a lame bar, and the food is REALLY good.  What you expect but done just a little bit better.
Best Indian food in the city core.  Excellent service.  The food is not too spicy. It can be if you want it to be. Get the almond cream dishes.
I used to live in a small town East side of the U.S. I thought they are terrible enough but I just found out they are paradise to me compared with this place. \nThe worst buffet I've ever been before.
Called all over Phoenix and Tucson to try to find Aeration hose for a koi pond. Nobody had it. Then I called Hose Power and they had it. Got there and they showed me 3 different typed of hose I could use. The Customer Service we got there really made the drive from Casa Grande worth the trip. They could have just sold me the most expensive hose they had rather than selling me what I needed. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE.
I literally had one of the funnest nights ever here at Tao! I've been wanting to check out the place forever, so when we planned our recent trip to Las Vegas, I knew it was going to be a must-do! We went through a promoter, who was so awesome. He got the 6 of us comp entry and told us the best time to arrive so the girls could take advantage of the open bar. Getting in was a breeze. The place is beautiful! Extremely well kept. It was sooo packed, but understandably. It was a Saturday night. The bartenders were nice, which I've never ever experienced in a club before. Lol. The DJ was phenomenal, kept us dancing all night! The bathrooms weren't so clean, but I guess it's hard to keep it clean with drunkards everywhere. There was an awesome photo booth for free pics, the balcony had a great view..literally everything about this place blew me away! Exceeded my expectations for sure!!
I moved here just about 4 and half years ago. About a year later, after finding a job and having my insurance kick in, I started the difficult search of choosing a new dentist. I've only had 2 other dentists in my life. Needless to say, this was a daunting decision. \n\nI made my first appointment here primarily based on location, but have continued as a patient because of the people. Dr. Vu and her team are all personable. It feels like a family visit, except you walk out each time with really clean teeth and a temptation to not eat ever again to preserve the feeling. Janine is a treasure. She makes sure my appointments are made, is always welcoming, and remembers details from conversations six months in the past. Meanwhile, here I am struggling to remember what I told my husband five minutes ago. \n\nI can't speak to dental work beyond cleaning an x-rays (searches for lots of wood to knock), but I've never left feeling like a shoddy job was done. Like I said, the cleaning is so good that I usually contemplate not eating for a while after. That never sticks, but still...\n\nThe inside isn't going to be ultra lux or modern. In fact, the TVs in the exam rooms haven't been for several of my last appointments. I don't consider that a deal breaker. I just play on my cell phone until it's go time.
One of my favorite hotels I've ever stayed in! It was an almost perfect hotel room. The lay out of the room and size was great. I just wish it had a microwave. I stayed here with my family for a few nights it was really nice! They had amazing views depending on your room location. I loved having a balcony! The robes were super soft. \n\nThe location was perfect not too far from downtown and being on the water makes it such a beautiful place to stay. Pretty calm and quiet. The hotel is super pretty!!! \n\nThe service at the downstairs out door restaurant though WAS TERRIBLE!!!!!!! Had the worst waitress I've ever had both times we went there. She was so hard to order things from and she would never ask is if we wanted anything we would have to flag her down.... Super annoying considering it's a nice place. Also watched as a lady got hit WITH A TABLE!!! When a staff member and another lady were moving it. Totally unprofessional and not ok. No one even apologized to the lady they had hit with it either.
You will never see place like this, good food local beer and local musicians. Its really relaxing casual atmosphere. They have oyster nights for a $1... Fill up.
Can't give Enterprise a 5 star only because when you call the office directly, the autoanswer system asks the "press 1 for this, press 2 for rental yadayadayad. So I press 2 to rent a car, they take all my information, say thank you and your car will be ready when you get there-so I get there and the office doesn't even know I am coming, and they are out of cars???? So needless to say-the person you talk to on the phone is NOT anywhere near the office-or the state. However, the team did find me a car (which they have done a couple times now!!). They are very freindly-even when they are busy (usually first thing in the morning-best to go mid afternoon) and I do have a soft spot for this office since my Dad use to work with them years ago. I did learn this last time that I really don't want to buy a big pick up truck-extremely comfortable but huge vehicle LOL. Thanks team for helping me out these last few days!
I was in the Arizona area to visit a friend and Haus of Vapors was conveniently located nearby for me to shop for juice. As soon as I walked through the door, I am greeted by a friendly guy who immediately made me feel welcome. While browsing the store, I couldn't help but notice they had a large variety of juices and mods relative to what I've seen in the LA area. The prices were good and I felt no pressure or rush to buy anything. I decided to go with reds apple flavor which was $23.99 for a 60ml volume. Awesome flavor for the right price and I was good to go! Turns out the person helping me is the owner and his name is Drew. His customer service and attitude made for a cool experience for being a random visitor. In short, with my one experience here, vape customers could be very lucky to hit up this shop!
I came to Seablue to celebrate a friend's birthday. There were about 10 of us and we all enjoyed the dinner very much. The decor was beautiful, and it feels very spacious and comfortable. The food and the service are both top notch and very memorable.\n\nWe shared a couple orders of their tasting trios to start. The Steamed Tasting Trio, Fried & Crusted Tasting Trio, and Raw & Marinated Tasting Trio. They were all very good. Not a big fan of the Fried & Crusted, but definitely loved the Raw & Marinated. I just personally prefer raw seafood over fried.\n\nMy main is Atlantic Cod that was Almond Crusted and served on Couscous with Lemon broth and Artichokes. I can honestly say the cod was probably one of the best fish I have ever had. It was cooked perfectly. The texture was soft and buttery. It feels very light and refreshing. The lemony couscous was a perfect complement.\n\nWe did drink a lot and the bill was quite expensive. Coming from San Francisco, I don't know why we are eating seafood in the middle of a desert. But overall, we enjoyed the dinner a lot and would definitely come back again.
Wow, just great burgers. We stopped in for lunch, got seated inside 10 minutes, and our order was taken right away. My wife and son both ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger, the roasted tomatoes on it made the taste. I had the Hogs burger which was great too. We shared a Caesar salad in the side, slices of apple and a nice dressing made it a great side. Our waiter Greg was really helpful, got our order in quick and our check right away as we had time constraints. Would absolutely go again.
Went to office and met Bob.    We spoke for a very long time.    2 weeks later I called and he was very busy showing homes.    One more month, I left a message.    No a reply.     Today I sent an e-mail.   Very unprofessional!
Morningside Spice is a great Indian restaurant and takeaway in the Morningside area of Edinburgh - in an ideal location for students to pop into for their lunch or dinner. \n\nThey offer a wide selection of authentic Indian cuisine which is cooked with fresh spices and is always full of flavour. I ordered the Chili Garlic Chicken which was completely delicious but really spicy and it felt like my mouth was on fire by the end of the meal. The rice is excellently cooked and the naan breaks are massive - yum! Morningside Spice also had wide selection of vegetarian meals and I had the vegetable pakoras to start which were amazing. The waiters in the restaurant were warm and welcoming and incredibly efficient in their service. \n\nThey also offer a takeaway service which was really popular was I was dining in the restaurant and having tasted their food I can see why. The only downside which I could see was that the people who were ordering takeaways were waiting a long time for their food, but it was a busy Friday night so it is probably to be expected.\n\nI will definitely be back at Morningside Spice for another curry soon, I loved it.
Original Hawaiian poke is here in Las Vegas now! Their Ahi Katsu from the family recipe is something that I unheard of before and it was delicious. My favorite is the spicy tuna poke crunch with brown rice. Paina Cafe has a convenient access from Spring Mountain and has more variety of healthy options than any other poke restaurants. I've already become a regular visiting for their healthy option at lease 2-3 times a week.
I would've given this place an excellent review, but then one person had to ruin it. The waiter asked me what my tip was going to be..\n\nAs a hospitality management major, I was absolutely appalled that he asked me this. You NEVER ask what your tip is going to be. At that point I didn't care that the food was good or the drinks. \n\nI gave 2 stars for the food, but due to the service I received I could not give it anymore. I will not be returning to this establishment.
Cute little shop on Saint Laurent. I have only tried the Pasteis de nata here and it was delicious!
This place has really gone downhill. Their sushi use to be so-so, now it is terrible. I tried the Salmon Eggs, Fresh Water Eel, Miso Soup, and Crusty Crab roll. All of the food I ate was bad. It was just consistently bad, worst sushi I have had. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
If you are looking for something authentic, something that resembles a home cooked Chinese meal in Montreal, then I highly recommend you to check this place out. Petit, and unpretentious, this restaurant offers an experience that is increasingly becoming rare in a word where you are paying for the decir rather than the food. Now,mind you, I am not saying this is a Zagat\/Michelin restaurant masquerading as a hole in the wall. Yet for those of who long for a humble meal, cooked with care, and reminiscent of a meal in a typical Chinese home, this is it. The wait staff are friendly, hardworking folks trying to do their best. The ambience is simple, a good place to have a meal and catch up with friends and family unhindered. All in all a throwback to simpler times.
I stayed here for a couple weeks while I was looking for a place. The staff is great always warm and welcoming. The lobby has refreshments and fruit. The place has washing machines and dryers.....they even give you free detergent if you don't have any. The rooms are nice with a bed and couch, fridge, dishwasher, and microwave. It's new and clean.  \n\nAnyone needing to an extended stay hotel should check this place out. Hilton did it right. I don't know when I will be back, but I do know I will tell everyone I come in contact with where to go. \n\nDid I mention how great the staff is? Nice place and great people.
I was really looking forward to a return trip to Bouchon since I've had their amazing scrambled eggs, pretty much when they first opened.  Such rich and creamy soft curds!\n\nI finally dragged the bf here, hyping the scrambled eggs.  We sat down, I looked at the next table, and I knew I was in trouble.  Egads!  Not the soft-scrambled eggs of my dreams, but instead the regular steam tray kind of scrambled eggs you can get anywhere.  I asked the waitress if they could do soft-scrambled eggs, and she said no problem.  They came out, and.... disappointment.  A slightly better version of diner eggs.  You think a place that charges $22 for their version of an American breakfast would at least sous-vide the eggs if they didn't want to do them to order.\n\nThe banana nut muffin was good, the chocolate almond croissant dried out.  How do  you dry out something that has butter everywhere?\n\nSorry, TK, this place is a sell out.
Diner 7 is relatively new small diner that has opened up just near the Shore in Leith. They specialise in burgers and have good selection. They come with chips and salad - great traditional chips.\n\n\n It's not a huge menu but I think this works well. I had the steak and onion baguette - nice thinly sliced steak and crispy onions.\n\n\n The decor is very american diner - red booths and formica tables. Always has interesting pics on the wall too.\n\n\n This isn't a posh place - it's a lovely relaxed, friendly place and very reasonably priced too.
This place was great. I was in town for 48 hours and needed to shoot some footage for a few hours. 4 stars for service, took one off for how expensive it was, which probably had to do with the fact that they don't do half day rentals. Anyway, definitely worth hitting them up
When a group of friends and I look for a place to go to dinner I always suggest going here. They accommodate large groups very well. The wait is never too long and they have a nice area in the hotel next door to comfortable wait. \nThe food selection is good but nothing ever sticks with me. I can never find something to eat I really LOVE, but I do suggest the horchata because it's delicious.
Some really good coffee.. sometimes the Batista's can be a little off putting but they mean well, its just the vibe there.. every ones tr yin really hard to be all cool, hip and shit.. but regardless, the coffees good, most the people are pretty rad and the foods decent. Cant really go wrong with this spot, probably one of the best coffee houses in downtown Phoenix, if not the best.\n\n\nUPDATE- Ordered a hot chai latte about a week ago and received it ice cold. I asked for it to be heated and was told no. Customers come first and I've been a paying one for over 3 years. I understand you want to be "trendy" and all hipster or what not but come on! I don't know what happened to all the cool Batista's you guys used to have... hopefully you'll bring them back and get rid of the lameos currently working there.
I was really nervous to come here based on the reviews that I had read - they were either really good or really bad, so I wasn't exactly sure what to expect.  \n\nI must say I am so glad that I decided to go here last night for dinner! Everything was perfect. From the wine all the way to the weather!\n\nOur server was absolutely great. He kept coming back every few minutes to check on us and make sure that we had everyt if we needed. We were in no hurry and were just enjoying the gorgeous sunset and sipping on drinks. Once we ordered our food came out pretty quick - and was really good. I thought it was slightly pricy, but  overall not too bad. Ps if you get fries - the sweet potato ones I liked much better than the regular ones! \n\nIf you can make it in time to watch the sunset over the water it's absolutely awesome. Once it's dark the little lantern type lights they have come on - along with lights strung along the railing and above the patio (and give you blankets to use if you're cold). Inside they have a one man jazz band playing music, so you can't go wrong whether you sit inside or outside! \n\nWe'll definitely be back!
This Caribou location is by far my favorite location.  I take full advantage of their free Wi-Fi pretty much every weekend. \n\nI love the coziness of Caribou, especially in the winter when they have the fireplace on. The temperature tends to be a bit chilly inside during the winter so I would dress warm. \n\nThis location tends to get busy during the breakfast, lunch and dinner rush times so you may have to wait a few minutes for a table, but this rarely has happened in the few years I have been going there.\n\nIf you are looking for a nice, quiet place to work or a place to meet some friends for coffee I would give this Caribou location a try.
Closed last week. Heard they are moving inJanuary to Hayden and Via de Ventura in Scottsdale.
A little late (!) review, as I went in January this year! But backtracking on some places I haven't reviewed that I went to while in The Vegas. So this was pretty average, nothing special. I had the vegan burger, fries & chocolate shake. The burger was okay, as were the fries. Presentation was cool, and the shake was great. We had a super, super friendly waitress if I remember rightly and we tipped her well, as she made us feel really welcome. Worth a visit if you're a vegan on holiday looking for somewhere without hassle!
Oh man....there is a reason Dave is famous for BBQ--try the babyback ribs here.
Hands down the best carpet service I have used.  Steve was on time, did phenomenal job and gave great  pointers on keeping the carpet clean.  As long as I live in the Phx area, Carpet MD will be cleaning my carpets!  THANKS, STEVE!
First visit and I was not disappointed. Easy menu and loved that they had sweet potato fries. If you go, I highly recommend the Fry sauce. It went well with regular fries and the sweet potato fries. Doing my best to try new restaurants and Forefathers did not disappoint. Our cashier even complimented my Harry Potter tattoo :) Very friendly! Thanks guys!
I would not recommend nail fanatics at all nail craft is below standards as seen in my pictures of different size acrylic on my nails my nails broke off the next day because all my nails had cracks across the middle of them and it was a total waste of $75 and I was going to be charged to fix the errors on my nails which was not my fault to begin with \n this shop does not have any pedicure chairs all pedicures are  done in a Diy walmart foot spa at a min $50 charge \n the shop does not have any comfortable seating a old futon bed is the only option for sitting which is very uncomfortable \nNor is there any nail salon chairs while getting your nails done (very uncomfortable seating)it's a very limits nail shop more like something you would see 20 years ago or when you go to someone's house to get you nails done \nit's a very low end nail shop with over charge pricing lettering is $5 a letter so to write my name would cost $30 extra\n no walk-ins welcome as well as a $35 membership fee to everyone \nprice range is between $75- $350 for nails \nExtremely expensive
Two star is for the food, not the service.\n\nThis restaurant was super expensive when it first opened, but then changed to a buffet instead, which is really nice. The food is fresh. The hotpot itself is flavorless but you can get all the spices you need. \n\nNOW ONTO THE FREAKING SERVICE\n\nI HATE dinning here!! Only reason I still go is because this is the only hotpot place near Pitt. Every time I come here I don't feel respected. The waiter and waitress have a habit of serving Americans first. I remember one time vividly when my table needed water, while not one, but two waitresses were at an American's table chatting with them and making sure they are comfortable, as well as teaching them how to eat. This always happens!! There are so many times when the waiter\/waitress ask if the Americans' table is ok with everything, and just walks away without checking in on us!! I hate discrimination especially coming from my own race. Other than that, the waiters are also not efficient enough. They are always slow on their task and lost my order once and told me I didn't place it... I had to write on the menu paper so of course I know I placed it! They don't seem to care if you are waiting or not, they do things at their own pace.\n\nAll in all, I don't come here anymore after a couple of times. I hate being treated like sh*t by people of my own race.\n\nEdit: There was another time I went there when my parents came for the graduation. They are Chinese and can't speak English very well. Since it's a Chinese restaurant, my dad was trying to see if they have the Chinese beer he likes. The waiter had such a nasty attitude. They should not treat people like this. I'm pretty sure these Asian Americans have families speaking broken English. They should've been more understanding. Not to mention you shouldn't be rude to your customers in the first place.
Met a client there around 7:00 pm. I wasn't expecting much from RT, but they sure didn't make much effort to please. \n\nWe were told that getting drinks would take a bit longer because there was only bartender, which was totally acceptable, but apparently our server meant to say "Our bar doesn't actually have anything." Our server came back from the bar a half dozen times claiming that they were out of whatever our party of three had ordered. Lagunitas? "Don't have it." Yuengling? "Don't have it." Bottled domestics? "Don't have any." I asked what the Sam Adams Seasonal draft was, and she said "It's Sam Adams." When I asked her to clarify WHICH Sam Adams, she just said, "It's Sam Adams," apparently not understanding what "Seasonal" means. Oh, and they didn't have that either. \n\nThe salad bar had some good offerings, and seemed clean and well stocked. The vegetarian in our group ordered a simple grilled cheese, and was informed that "Our kitchen can't make that." While I understand that ordering off the menu isn't always an option, we're talking about two slices of cheese between toasted bread. The fries that came with our dinners were so heavily salted that we had to brush them off by hand.\n\nThe server was nice enough, but she obviously did not know anything about the menu or bar offerings. With their extremely limited food and drink selection, it's hard to justify ever coming back.
What a great place! They have great deals on tires and repair services, not only that but the people here are extremely nice and have gone above and beyond what was expected! Thanks for always keeping my car in tip top shape! Definitely will be back and will be recommending this place to friends and family!
SUYA SUYA .  this shit is good lmao i cant say no more . U may as well just go try it for yoself !!
We had lunch here for the first time earlier today and the food was AMAZING.  My husband had the chef salad and he said it was the best chef salad he's had...ever! I had the crepes (w\/ shrimp and mushroom) and it was excellent.  The service was great.  I'm so excited that this is in our hood, I'd pick this any day over a chain restaurant.
The Scottsdale Rd Jalapeño Inferno used to be our favorite Mexican restaurant, and we have recommended it to many friends.  Not any more.  Things have changed, and both we and friends have noticed.  Some of it concerns Happy Hour and where it applies - used to be the entire restaurant and patio - now only the bar and bar patio area, which adjoins the  restaurant patio.  We had a party of 6 seated on the patio next to the bar patio, weren't aware of the changed Happy Hour, and were refused Happy Hour prices.  Rather than picking everything up and moving, we left and went to another restaurant.   On a recent previous occasion, we were served food that had been under the heat lamps too long and a waitress that was less than friendly.  Something has changed at this JI, and not for the better.
My bf and I wandered in here to enjoy a beer and kill a half hour before a movie a few weeks ago.  I would sum this place up in one word: CHARMING.\n\nWe sat out on the patio because there were two decent musicians doing acoustic covers.  The bartenders were attentive and knowledgeable about the beer selection.  I was impressed by the friendly staff, cleanliness, and overall charm of this English\/Irish restaurant's decor. \n\nOur intention was just to have a drink, and then, the craziest thing happened - the large group at a neighboring table was served some of the most delicious-looking food I have ever seen - and suddenly I just HAD to see a menu.  I sat there, minutes before we left to go to the movie, openly gawking at these people's food.  We are talking juicy steaks, garlic potatoes, sauteed garden veggies, and succulent sausages.  I had already eaten dinner, and yet I was practically drooling because that food looked and smelled so good.\n\nAfter the movie, we could not resist but return to try the fare.  I'm a sucker for a good fish fry, so we split the walleye and fries with an added side of sauteed summer squash.  The portions were large, the taste was amazing, and the veggies were as good as they looked.  We could not help but try the bread pudding; I was smitten.\n\nThis place is NOT cheap; if it were less expensive, I would have probably been back several times.  Drinks, dinner, and dessert for two adds up quickly.  However, it is the kind of place I would take a guest from out of town or celebrate a special occasion. (Or, it is a great choice if you know someone else is going to pick up the check ;) )  It is definitely a good value, though.\n\nI look forward to my next visit!
I love the atmosphere here. I love the hipster baristas and their ability to listen to what you like and make a drink perfect for you
This cafe is always open. They serve really good food.  The soups are delicious.  Be careful because we asked for a grill cheese sandwich which is not on the menu.  It came out to be a whooping $10 bucks.   Is this a price they just make up and throw at the customer when they ask for something that's not on the menu.\n\nI advise you to just order whats on menu because if you don't you will have a surprise on your bill.
I recently returned to Wicked Spoon for the second time.  While overall, it was still pretty darn good, it wasn't quite as mind-blowing as the first visit.  The space itself was still beautiful and clean, and the sevice was great. Our server was super attentive, making sure our drinks were constantly refilled and our used plates collected. \n\nThe food itself just wasn't as up to par as the last time.  The brisket that had been heavenly before was bland and ice cold this time.  Maybe it was because the restaurant wasnt as packed that the brisket sat under the lamps for a longer time.  Who knows?  All I know is I had one cold bland bite and pushed it aside.  I decided to give the fried chicken a whirl.  I can see why it's so popular.  The  seasoning on the skin is really delicious.  But, when I went to eat a second leg, I found a long hair fried into the skin!!!!!  Ummm, gross.  So yeah, didn't eat anymore of that. Finally, the wicked juice they had last time had changed. Before, it was a sort of watermelon light nectar that was incredible, and mixed perfectly with champagne to create a different, refreshing mimosa.  This time, it was a heavy, almost smoothie like thick strawberryish juice.  When I tried to mix it with the champs, the entire drink would bubble over.  I tried to very slowly pour the juice into a half empty champagne glass the second round to control for the extra fizzing, but again, it bubbled over.  I think the smoothie like consistency of the wicked juice just didnt work with the champagne.  I was saddened the heavenly juice they had before was gone.\n\nBut, it was not all a loss. I enjoyed the angry mac and cheese and the garlic foccacia bread. Both were satisfyingly delicious. Their gelato and cookies were also quite good.  \n\nSo, I'm hoping they were just having an off day with some of the food.  My first visit was incredible enough that I will return once more and give it one more shot.
Bistro 19 is a quaint, upscale, modern\/classic setting.  Listed below is what we had and comments abut each one.\nMy husband and I split the Carpaccio appetizer = Fabulous.\nI had the beet salad = Fabulous\nI split the Sea Bass with my sister-in-law and it was the BEST Sea bass I have had.  I cook see bass frequently and never has it been this good.  I asked them and they generously shared how the prepared it.  They freely shared everything we asked about which is very nice!\nMy husband had the almond chicken served over risotto = Fabulous!\nService was excellent.  If you are in the area, this restaurant is a MUST!
I'm a huge fan of the fast-fired pizza concept and Blaze has just become my new favorite spot. First, it's just down the road from my house. Second, Blaze is the new "best-in-class" for this restaurant concept. The crust is really what makes Blaze better than Pieology.  It's just better - thicker, has a real crust, good taste.  The toppings are fresh and it's add all you want type of deal. I love the BBQ pizza with pineapple and red peppers added.  The white sauce pizza is awesome too. If you like pizza (don't we all?) then you'll absolutely love Blaze.
Well, I might be biased but I have been here for over 3 years now. You can argue that other fitness clubs might have more business focused clientele and here are liberal, hipster and student looking crowd but aura fitness has one of the best facilities in the city, and it is spacious ! \n\nThere are lots of hypes about Lori's electric yoga. Well, Lori is a great trainer and enthusiastic instructor who Will always push you harder. Being trained in a very traditional way, I found the class more like strength training than yoga. What I like the most is the Tuesday evening Robert's candle night yoga, which truly relaxes me every time and it is also challenging enough to allow myself to move at my own pace. I had a bit of ankle problem from an accident and I dance regularly, so I need to be ultra careful about my past injuries. In Robert's class, I am worry-free! He is so experienced and methodological. I actually did my head down pose for the first time in his class without even noticing, which was impossible in other classes. If you love music and dance, kurtis' contemporary stretch class on Saturday is also great for someone who just wanna get started with a little bit of dance moves. \n\nAlso, there are many many great classes in the club and I think it is worthy a try!
This is strictly a happy hour review. First, let's be honest. I was day drinking. Happy hour starts at 5 and I pulled up at 5:01. Hey, I'm thirsty. I met a girlfriend for a couple of drinks and a snack. I hit the wine list and there is something a little wacky about Garlic & Shots wine list. I only hear about it but I've never seen it.... Weird. They talk about it and hand me the happy hour menu that offers the house wine for $5 and that's my favorite price. But, G&S doesn't have any house wine so the bartender offers to substitute. Great, I'll take a substitute. \n\nSo, wine in hand, mad gossip commences until bartender's boyfriend or last night's last call shows up. I don't know which but they exchange pleasantries about the previous night. I could have done without this conversation but it did explain the bandana the bartender was wearing as a skirt and the open sweater with exposed black bra. I expected this outfit at a strip club not the bar 500 feet from my kid's school. With this outfit, even I thought about throwing quarters on the floor to see if she would bend over..... Anyhoo, cattiness aide, the bartender did check in on us on ocassion and that house wine never did show. Unfortunately, neither did the $5 price. My substitute set me back $9 a glass. Ouch. I got a $2 discount. \n\nWould I go back? My girlfriend was bent, she wanted a ladies who day drink experience and that is not what G&S is delivering. But, I love the mussel appetizers so you might find me in the corner scarfing these down but G&S clean up your wine list and staff. If you don't have it take it off, get a dress code for staff and keep the mingling with friends a little more subtle. What I was looking at was a train wreck. \n\nSo what is the deal with you, G&S? Who are you and who is your clientele? Do you want the 40 plus crowd with their pricey house values and mid-price bmws for dinner and drinks or you going for the apartment crew who is hitting the bar late and skipping dinner and matching each other shot for shot. I ask because I don't know who you are trying to appeal to. I think if you figure this out things will work out for you.
I found Pretty in Ink through Yelp. I was researching microblading salons. I had tattooed brows previously and most of the places I was looking at wanted me to have tattoo removal done prior to microblading. Tia responded quickly and asked me to come in to see my brows. She told me what my options were and we set an appt. Tia is very conscience and thorough with her work. She takes the time to explain and answer any questions you have. I went for my follow up and it was the same, no issues, just great results. I highly recommend Tia. \n\nI've gone to providers and have not done my homework in the past, this was not the case with Tia. She is worth every penny. You get what you pay for, don't be fooled by the cheap options out there, these are your eyebrows and you want to make sure your experience is safe and your results are the best. Tia will make sure  you have both! Book now, because she fills up really fast.
La qualité de la viande laisse à  désirer... Des brûlures de glaces sur la viande a fondu. Le bouillon manque de gout. Vous pouvez trouver  mieux pour du pho
I like that this place is open till 10 so i can tan after i get off work. Its convenient location and hours make this the place i choose to tan at. This place seems clean and the girls behind the counter are pleasant.
Came by late evening around 8:30 pm on a Friday. There was a small lineup to order. Service was slow. Seemed like they were having some difficulty keeping up because of the orders coming in through Uber Eats.\n\nThe food itself was very good. I ordered a whole chicken to go. Prices there are very reasonable. From what I can see, they are very generous with their portion size. Everybody's plates seemed to be overflowing. The place is very clean and new. There is seating inside and outside.\n\nYou definitely can't go wrong with this place. Give them a try. You won't regret it. Don't be surprised if there is a lineup because they are so good.
I've been coming to Vegas for just over a year and everyone says yah gotta stop here. \n\nI'm sorry, but it's chicken fingers\/strips.  \n\nThey were good, but really? Chicken strips?  \n\nCustomer service was amazing and the dipping sauce was like "fry sauce" only better :-)\n\nI'd stop here instead of another chicken place (except Popeyes) or fast food in a heart beat...but won't make it a goal. \n\nSorry guys. Not a nut for chicken strips. No matter how good....and these are just that...good. \n\nSide note. Coleslaw is acceptable but the kernel has better...the fries are limp and lifeless, Texas toast warm and tasty.
There's been quite a stir of Brazilian steakhouses as of late. My mom in particular, has been spent quite an insane amount of money here, taking me, all her friends, and more recently, my monster meat-eating brother, visiting from NYC.\n \nI actually wondered if, upon bringing my brother here, a buffet would finally cut us off. His metabolism and appetite makes me want to enroll him in one of those Japanese eating contests, kid you not.\n \nSo first off, what did we order. Well, you have two options really:\n *Pay $25 for the salad bar,\n *or $30 for the salad bar and unlimited meat\n \nThe first time I came here, the salad bar reminded me of the typical kinds of tapas items I used in catering to large parties\/events. High quality cheeses (fantastic Manchego), chickpea salads, asparagus, the whole basil mozz thing, high quality pasta salads, and tropical fruits (mangos), smoked salmon, mussels-- reminded me quite like Scandinavia "kaldbord" --cold boards. There's a relatively high profit margin in buying these things, and ppl always leave happy. Considered "luxury" to Nordic farmers, or Southerners.\n \nBut as someone who opted for only the salad bar, I have to say, $25 is a bit overpriced. The wine list, however, is FANTASTIC. I had an Italian pinot, and normally woulda been quite satisfied with good cheese, wine, and mussels... but the mussels...\n \nThe seafood available is OK (after living in Scandinavia, it's hard to impress:), but the mussels at the buffet were terribly overcooked. So I asked them to make a fresh batch, since it was the only hot "meat" part of the salad bar. The result was a somewhat discoloured, un-fresh grey version of the previous batch of mussels. Cie la vie. One nice thing they do however, is also bring out hot little "Brazilian" dishes, like baked cheese bread balls (fabulous) and fried polenta (also fabulous).\n \nAs for the meat. There's a good variety -- from sirloin steak, garlic steak, chicken sausages, lamb, spicy chicken, mainly. MOST of the meat was cooked very well, but there was an occasional bout of meat that was overcooked to death, or undercooked and bleedin' thru the ears. On the other hand, it must have been hard to constantly keep up with the ferocious appetite of my brother...\n \nLet me make an injunction here, and say the service is truly impeccable. The owner, in his sporty jumpsuit, literally comes out with a doner in hand to ensure you are getting every bit of meat you want. When my brother asked for more sirloin, it was like the apocalypse had broken out-- the owner, the head chef, the waiters, went into a mad rush. Our server Antonio came over multiple times making we EVERYTHING was good. But not in an annoying American sort of way, a genuine, relaxed and helpful sort of way.\n \nMy mother leaves here with smiles, understandably. The quality of the buffet is good. I'm a bit jaded, thinking again that they're making donkeyloads of money. Purely based on the overpriced salad bar (to me, rice, beans, some nice pasta salad doesnt warrant $25), so I wouldn't come back here -- I also have a slight ethical problem with encouraging unlimited, mass consumption of meat (maybe why it appeals to Americans) -- as for my family members, I'm sure they'll become regulars.\n \nRankings\n *# of times dined here: 3rd\n\n *Cost of Bill: $30-35 for 1person \n\n*Food Rating: 8\/10\n *Service Rating: 11\/10
Among Anatolia Cafe, Aladdin's(Cedar\/Fairmount) and this restaurant, Istanbul Grill is the best. They use the freshest ingredients!!!\n\nSitting at their patio duing lunch in the summer time with Turkish beer was very pleasant. My partner said that the Lamb kabab roll was far best among other restaurants. I really loved their complementary Pita. I recently ate at Aladdin's but their pita was nothing like the ones from Istanbul Grill. \n\nI am very picky for rice. The rice which comes with dish at Istanbul Grill are very very good. I luv it.\n\nShepherd salad (chopped cucumbers, tomatos, onions with herbs...) was very fresh! As a petite girl myself, this appetizer with pita filled me up for a lunch.\n\nThere is only mystery about this restaurant, which is waitress there.\nWe've dined there several times but everytime we order, they'd come back to our table to ask what the order was or even forget orders. So we ended up eating an appetizer after the dinner. It is crazy that they never get orders right. hmm.\n\nBesides that,\n\n Istanbul Grill and Superior Pho are two restaurants ($10) which make me and my wallet happy. I wish they had more vegetables and fish dish on the menu though. As a veggie, fish lover, I only had 2 or 3 dishes to order from the menu including an appetizer salad.
Lovely happy hours oysters and a nice glass of prosecco in a wonderful French atmosphere. A wonderful way to start your evening dining.
Worst.\nJukebox.\nEver.\n\nLike being stuck in an elevator for 2 hours.  I don't know if it was on auto-play or there were just a bunch of folks with terrible middle aged music syndrome, but even my folks have better taste (and they're 60-something).  You've got to have some sort of filter on this to guarantee decent tunes.  This is crucial to any bar, c'mon!
Had horrible service tonight. It took an hour & 45 minutes to get delivered & the restaurant called us twice to ask how we were tipping the driver. Really?! We usually order at least 2 times a month from this restaurant. But, after tonight we will no longer order from here again! Then last time they forgot our pot stickers we paid for in our bag so they said we had a credit. Well when we called today they had no record of there previous mess up. I don't recommend this restaurant, go elsewhere.
These guys are always right on it. They are friendly, quick, and the best prices In town! Nacho helped me out and he did an amazing job!! If you need a screen replaced there's no need to look any further! They are the place to go!
Dinner here tonight with the family. Ordered the full rack which came with garlic bread, corn on the cob, root beer baked beans, and cole slaw. The star of the dish was the ribs. Perfectly smoked and then flash grilled. Excellent!!  \n\nThe beans and garlic bread were my least favorite and too me lacked flavor. The corn on the cob and Cole slaw were tasty.\n\nThe service here was very good and the prices extremely reasonable.
i can't say enough good things about these guys..mike and earnie and anyone in the back that works on my car.  being a "smart car" they were willing to take the challenge.  i absolutely LOVE these guys and their helpful manner, customer service and i cannot recommend them enough to my friends.  ANYONE that has a car should go here even if it's far.
The tacos are the best & their guacamole is to die for!!!  Get there early or place an order prior the arriving.
We had dinner here during our stay at the Aria. The ambiance is very inviting with fun vibes . The music is contemporary and not too loud. We sat in an indoor\/outdoor patio overseeing the pool . Every table looks like it has its own room. The place would never look crowded. Our waiter Michael and his assistant Noah were very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. Michael was able to answer our questions about the cocktail menu and provide recommendations.\nThe food, as expected, was top notch. The fries are a must. I had the chilean sea bass and that was very delicious. The chef provided us with a complimentary serving of calamari. It'd definitely worth to try on the next trip to Vegas !
I am upgrading my original review to 4 stars because of the exceptional, GM at Canonita. Annaliza reached out to me after learning of my experience dining at the restaurant. I was very impressed by her genuine concern over the issues I had experienced while dining there and her overall commitment and enthusiasm for the restaurant, as well as her assurance in setting the highest standards of service. She changed my views and opinions of the restaurant for the better. I'm just very pleased with how she directly dealt with the problem herself, as well as her high level of professionalism, which she maintained throughout. I wish more managers possessed the same integrity and passion for their business and clients as Annaliza does for hers. There is a great deal of assurance in knowing that a highly respectable and hard-working person is managing a business. Should something fall short or anything be less than perfect, I believe that Annaliza will take up the task herself and resolve the issue immediately, as she has done so with me. That is just the type of person she is. How she runs the restaurant is very reassuring to a customer such as myself because she seems to listen and truly values and respects the views and experience of all the guests dining at the restaurant. That is my experience so far and it is something I both appreciate and admire about this manager. The staff seems to be under her direction and excellent management, and I am certain that she lets nothing slip by because of the way in which she oversaw and personally handled my issue. It leaves me to wonder how I had an issue in the first place, as Annaliza seems very involved in ensuring that every aspect of the business runs smoothly. I am glad that such a caring, dedicated, and competent person is the one behind all operations at Canonita. She has proven to be an effective GM and is quick to act against problems and resolves all issues almost immediately. I am convinced that she and her team work hard and tirelessly on all trajectories in order to make the restaurant what it is and are very eager to please their guests and meet the expectations of every customer. I can also now say with a certain level of confidence, that Canonita is a fine restaurant and in the good care and guidance of a manager who genuinely values and cares about each one of her customers and who also carries a deep respect for her business. She has certainly earned my respect and appreciation. I felt it appropriate to express my gratitude in the same professional and caring manner that Annaliza has had with me. I only hope that this amended review matches up to the degree of respect and kindness with which she has extended to me. I now have a very different and positive impression of the restaurant and would love to dine there again on my next stay at the resort. She has turned my entire experience around for the better. It still astounds me that a GM would go to such lengths to ensure that all guests receive excellent service and treatment. I have never had anyone write such a thoughtful letter to me. It was rare. That was the first time I've had a manger follow up with me, and it just shows how much she cares about the guests, and I truly respect her for that. I will now leave as a happy patron and this restaurant has definitely gained my support again and any future business.
Been there 4 times and plan on visiting more often . Great.chicken , pizza is awesome and last night I had the veal Parmigiana which was excellent . All the great great food served by friendly people who will stop at nothing to please you .
Daily happy hour until 7pm! Was totally craving a GOOD burger, & the CA burger totally hit the spot! Guacamole, pepperjack cheese, yummy goodness. Got the dmall plate happy hour Carne Asada fries. The Pico made them. The 1\/2 Cobb salad looks super good, but too full to try it.
Service was bad they did not come to see if we needed refills of coffee or water. I had a few potatos that were bad they had a moldy tast to them. We also stood at the counter for  about 8 minutes to pay. I would not recommend this location to anyone.
The nick nacks on the wall took me back to eastern Europe. This is a great bar if you just want to relax or even come with a group of friends. The bar area at the front is more quiet and that's where we sat.  With a name like "Rasputin", I was ready for some diabolical vodka drinks, and they did not disappoint. I still remember the vodka sangria with fresh strawberries and herbs and which was the most refreshing drink ever. I would go back just for that drink.
***YELP 100 CHALLENGE 26\/100***\n\nSo... let me just start by saying that Filipino food is best when it's home cooked. With that said, I'm more forgiving and don't necessarily have too high expectations of mass produced Filipino cooking. To celebrate my sisters birthday, her husband thought it would be perfect to try DT's Kamayan night as she just recently came home from a trip back home to Cebu and fondly recalled her experience at one of the restaurants there with a similar set up, to eat with your hands and celebrate with your family. I was quite excited as I have not tried that style here in Las Vegas.\n\nI'm not even kidding you when I say the best part of that meal was the garlic rice. We ordered the package with 3 trays, 2 of them were almost identical except for 1 dish. Only one tray looked promising with Crispy pata and chicken skin as the difference. The trays came with 2 kinds of rice, fried milkfish, 3 pieces of lumpia, grilled squid, pancit, fried chicken among others. The food was beyond mediocre, the worst was this beef dish that I think was supposed to be beef steak but was so dried out that I think it transformed to a totally different dish. It was so tough to the point it was inedible. \n\nThe halo-halo was a complete disappointment as well, it was mostly ice with barely any ingredients. I was so turned off that I didn't bother taking a lot of pics lol. With all of the other options around I wouldn't bother coming back. I'd rather spend my money somewhere else and for the fraction of the $139.99 for just the food package minus drinks and dessert I could make a better feast at home. The only redeeming factor was our waitress, she was bubbly and funny.
Been here a few times and the food is always amazing. Super fast service as well!! I love it !
What a terrible restaurant! This is literally the first time I complained a restaurant on yelp. I ordered a beef stew for take-out. When I got back home,take out the food, the stew looks like left-over from someone else. It only covered 1\/3 of the the box. Even worse, there's no beef at all!!! There were very tiny and not fresh shrimps instead. More importantly, it even didn't taste good. The rice was only a bite!
Dinner at Wicked Spoon for $35\/pp. \n\nSo, I confirmed, dinner time does have BONE MARROW. There are stacks of bone marrow next to the meat stand. It looks like hunting gone wild. \n\nHere are some hits and misses:\n* Bone Marrow - great. Could be more roasted, but these bones have so much marrow. They are huge. \n* Prime Rib - ok. I strongly recommend, if you like medium rare, go ahead, ask them for a rare piece. They take requests. \n* Mussels made to Order - Red Sauce is better than Green Sauce.\n* Ceviche - a shot or two is great. It is fresh and very tasty. \n* Pig ears - I really liked the flavoring. Too bad it was so salty. I had to get a pack of white rice to finish eating it. But it was the good part of the pig ear and they sprinkled heavily some salt and pepper seasoning. \n* Shrimp tempura sushi - It was ok. The shrimp tempura was no longer crunchy. \n* Water melon tequila shots - So surprised to find this out in the open. What if kids pick it up. It is like a soju shot. Sweet from watermelon and a little bit of tequila trailing at the end. Most of the alcohol has sunk to the bottom, so you may chose to stir before drinking.\n* Cream of mushroom - You can pass. Not that great.\n* Shrimp n grits - Tasty, but dropped in scores after I tasted the American Fish dish.\n* Braised ribs - You can pass. It was a little tough.\n* Fish and Chips - Great presentation. But fish batter was a little thick.\n* Pappardelle - Looked dry, but surprisingly fresh pasta tasting. I would choose this over their spaghetti choice.\n\n* Pistachio gelato - Soooooooooooooo good. Soooooooooooo yummy. \n* Carmel Candy gelato - Also good.\n* Mango & Raspberry gelato - Good. But I personally like fruit gelato flavors.\n* Tiramisu cake - Adorable cups. Not much espresso flavor, but the cream part is so light and fluffy. It is very worthy of a lick.\n* Fresh brownie in caramel sauce - You can pass this one. Fresh baked and out of the oven is good, but by the time, you get to your table, it is probably already cold.\n* Fresh marshmellow - Soft and lightly sweet. One piece is enough for the palate.\n\nOh, this buffet is so fun. Especially, when most dishes are individually plated. It just looks so much more appetizing when things are not stacked in one tray.
Maybe someday, my Yelp review will change. Hopefully, management will make some changes! I would have given them five stars if it weren't for the ridiculous policy. It was my second time at this venue. The first time was the Foster the People Concert, and the second was Morrissey, the frontman of the 80s band The Smiths. I usually collect my ticket stubs, but unfortunately, I had a paper ticket that was given to me by my friends since they bought the ticket online. I usually cut it out, and then put it in my collection of ticket stub book! After he scanned my stub, the employee took my only souvenir copy! I understand they have to collect them for accounting purposes, but other venues do not do that! Once they've scanned the ticket, they usually give it back whether they are cardstock ticket stub or the ones you print online. I mean they don't collect the ones you have scanned on your phone or the ones that get mailed to your home! Why collect the ones you get printed? Maybe someday, they will change their archaic guidelines because it's stupid. They're going to throw them all away anyway!\n\nUPDATE: 11\/27\/2017\n\nMeh..... Management has responded to my review. Perhaps maybe the venue should upgrade the system. The business claimed there is no way they can tell if tickets were multiple times. Well isn't that why they have to scan them, and if there were numerous tickets printed they could avoid fraud? \nI could say the same thing about hard perforated stub tickets. Anyone could make a copy of that, but as long as it's been scanned. The stub can be returned to the ticket holder. It should be the same for paper copies! They claim this standard policy is the same as any other venue. Sorry, but I have attended many concerts in different arenas and venues. They do not have the same policy! I went to a concert in another country with a paper ticket, and they gave me the copy.  Maybe this venue should update their scanning equipment because it's old and outdated.
Super fresh and super friendly family business. We had the peach black tea and taro tea, and several different donuts. Was a real treat!
Mmmm. Amazing. After going to Black Dog a few times, I really didnt have the heart or desire to try any new BBQ places. As much as the hype surrounds it, I thought it was as good as it was gonna get. But I was wrong. \nPo'Boys isn't really too fancy in terms of appearance. It is quite plain but the interior is extremely clean and well kept. The staff are really nice and knowledgeable. I tried the BBQ platter and everything was delicious and tasted homemade - including the sauces - Amazing! The italian beef was nice and tender without being too watery as it often is when its not done properly but this one was perfect; the pulled pork was nice and flaky but still had that bite to it. And the best part was the polish sausage, nice and juicy, brimming with flavor. (The sausage was much better than Black Dog's by the way)....there were also three 'mini ribs', which were a bit firm but still delicious. \nAnd the best part? Almost half the price of any competition. \nIf you're in the Urbana area, and need a quick, delicious, and good value meal, DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE!!!!
I grew up in the Cleveland-area and have been going here for years with family. A must go to place for dim sum in Cleveland!
the Toronto Lover system:\n5 stars = Must visit!\n4 stars = Really good. I take my friends here.\n3 stars = Somewhat worth it... if you have nowhere better to go.\n2 stars = Below average. Attend only when necessary.\n1 star = Do not visit!\n\n\n\n\nFantastic pho. Lovely large seating area. Friendly, efficient service. Unbeatable prices: (standard pho = $7, spring rolls = $4, noodle soup = $7.)\nI really love this place. I recommend any of the spicy dishes, particularly the curry goat noodle soup, or the curry chicken noodle soup. They come with delicious potatoes, fresh tasting ingredients, and a remarkable pho broth that is just salty enough as it is sumptuous.\nThis is a great place, and I find myself wishing it doesn't get too popular. But they deserve the success!\n\n4 stars
This is a cool sushi restaurant that serve good sushi.  I have had much better, but for a fun vibe with outside seating, it's not bad. \n\nI like the one in Kierland and would recommend checking it out.  It is not my favoriate sushi in AZ, but if I'm in a pinch, it will work.  \n\nWhat I don't like is that the outside table will fill up for sport games on TV and the people continue to lurk and refuse to give up tables.  Granted, it's a game, but the sushi place is not a sports bar.  They should require the people to order so many drinks or some much food every hour to maintain the table... that's my only rant!\n\nEnjoy.
Grimaldi's in Vegas? Much closer than NY =)\n\nWe got half red and half white with italian sausage and mushrooms. Love the thin crust! My favorite was the white pizza because the garlic really brought out the flavors. The italian sausage reminded me more of mini meatballs than actual sausage. \n\nJust a note, the "Personal" pizza is quite large. It's actually six decent sized slices from the usual 4 mini slices that I've seen at other pizza joints. It made a good light lunch for two. \n\nThis isn't one of those cheap $2 a slice pizza joints. Come here for a good NY style pizza. Can't wait to come back and try something else.
Nice, cheap grocery store you can to. Pretty much as everything you need in a grocery store.\n\nGood - prices are usually the cheapest\n\nBad - Only accepts debit cards (to keep prices down in which I understand.) Usually busy, best to come early or late at night.
I've been a Frank & Oak customer for two years now, and I've gotten to the point where at least half my wardrobe comes from this company. I own a suit, two peacoats, a sport coat, some sweaters, many pants, shorts and shirts, and a briefcase. I love nearly every piece and wear them regularly. The fits and styles are fantastic and the construction is usually well done. I do sometimes have issues with stitching, especially around buttons and buttonholes. I don't expect I'll stop being a loyal costumer any time soon.
Ah yes, another grand space in this most grand of cities; another grand space paid for from the profits of beer (see also the Usher Hall). This one is the University of Edinburgh's graduation hall during normal times, though the Festival Fringe is far from normality of course. For my most recent trip to this enlightened place I danced the night away to chart topping tunes of the past sixty years, and who could blame me for 'Hot Dub Time Machine' was the sign on the door and we duly did the time warp.\n\nThe building itself is mightily spectacular: circular like a drum, deep as a well, wood panelled akin to a barrel... you get the point. It's a good space for the solemnity of a graduation ceremony (I've seen the Duke of Edinburgh, Alan Greenspan and Gordon Brown share the stage on such an occasion), but seems at ease when letting its hair down too.\n\nBest. Graduation-hall-cum-nightclub. Ever.
Ok so what happened...I've been here a few times before and while it's not as good as Babystacks, it was still pretty decent. Today, though, was just REALLY bad. Ordered the lumberjack which is just 2 buttermilk pancakes, scrambled eggs and either bacon or sausage (I got sausage). How could they fuck that up, right? Well, they did. The bottom of my pancake was so overcooked that I couldn't cut thru it. My eggs were overcooked as well, they were very rubbery. I felt like I was eating a toy display. The server was nice but was obviously new.  Not coming back.
Bomb. Ass. Food. They keep it too cold. But I'm from Florida so everything up here is too cold. The lack of quick food (it wasn't terrible, we were just damn hungry) was made up for some awesome food. Server was nice enough. But nuts to all that, you go to a restaurant for food and this was dope. Tight work, Micro Diner, tight work.
Came early on a Friday night and there were lots of open tables in the main dining room but for some odd reason we were taken up to a small room that had maybe 3 tables.  And there we sat all alone for maybe 5 minutes before the waitress arrived to get our drink orders and then left us alone again in this little room.  I felt like I had been punished for some reason and been sent to my room.  I mean, why can't we be done there with all those other people who are having fun and laughing, while here I am stuck in this little room all by ourselves.  Just weird.\n\nThe atmosphere of the place is like going back to the 60's.  I think Disney Land has a restaurant like that in their MGM park.  Well by golly you can have that same feel right here in Verona at much less cost than Disney.\n\nNow to the food.  I was the only one in the family to get the fish dish (fried cod).  It was plenty of food (2 nice sized pieces) but they were battered too much and slightly over cooked.  Definitely a "3" for Yelp.  The fries were from a frozen bag and were below average.  My wife got a burger which was average, but she praised the hash browns that came with it.  Daughter 1 got a BLT wrap which she said was quite good.  Daughter 2 got an appetizer of chicken wings with a side of cheesy potatoes.  The wings were pronounced superb but the potatoes just OK.\n\nOh, and then just as we were finishing another group was seated in our little room so it finally felt like a real restaurant.\n\nBottom line, their are other places that do better Friday night fish.  I'll be going to those places in the future.
so I finally decided to come back to Lukes. I had been several years ago, but never made it back. I went for the Italian beef and sausage combo sandwich with provolone and sweet peppers.  It set me back just over $9.00. A tad pricey, but it was a pretty good sandwich. The bread was very fresh and the beef seemed to be very well seasoned. it also came with a cup of Jus, that it definitely needed. I'll def go back if I'm ever in the mood for an Italian beef sandwich, but I'd prob skip the sausage next time.
Ordered some sushi for pick up on Just-eat.com. When I arrived, the staff was punctual and the food was already packaged. Upon arrival at home, I was pleasantly surprised that the sushi was not over-packed with rice, unlike so many other sushi restaurants in Montreal who think we won't notice.\n\nCheap, fast, and palatable sushi! I would definitely return.
My family and I used to enjoy dining here, especially for the garlicky butter chicken wings. Sadly, one experience has turned us off completely from eating here ever again. While waiting for our food to arrive I noticed that one of the employees\/managers\/owner(?) was clipping her toe nails at a booth a couple tables down. Not only that but she never went to at least wash her hands before serving other tables their food. The whole experience completely grossed us out and can never return.
had the pancakes and bacon both were good, also brussels sprout hash, very good, this is a place that is busy but worth the wait, theres a reason there's a long line , friendly staff our waiter was very good, would go again
They have an awesome inventory of seafood! I love seafood and I have been looking for a place where I can find shell-fish as well as regular staples. I went ahead and paid the $10 membership fee and I know I will be there at least 2x a month. This is a must for seafood lovers in Las Vegas who want to make their own dishes!
I participated in the 2013 Glo Run and was planning on running in the 2014 event (which was unceremoniously cancelled). :( It's too bad since the Glo Run is AMAZING!!\n\nThe Glo Run was held Downtown on October 14th and took place in the evening. I believe the race started at 8PM. Participants were dressed for the part - tutus, colorful wigs, and creative\/skimpy attire were all the rage. The pre-party was held at the Commonwealth. Background music consisted of, you guessed it, EDM! The finish line featured a stage with a DJ. Giant beach balls were being tossed around in the crowd and confetti bursts were being launched. I truly had a lot of fun. \n\nI'm hoping the Glo Run will happen in 2015 because I would love to participate again. I paid around $35 for registration, which included a tshirt. Early registration that starts way in advance starts at $25.\n\nYELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #36
If you want to feel wild and free this is the place to do it. Party all day in the warm sun and cool water. \n\nI had so much fun this past summer at this venue. I love day clubs and this place has increased my love for day clubs.\n\nFor guest list text Will James. His number is 702-931-7265
I had the worst customer service experience EVER with this taxi company.  I left my phone in a taxi and realized it as soon as I got out.  The concierge actually chased after the taxi to flag him down, to no avail.  Then they called the dispatch with the taxi and driver #.  The dispatch repeatedly stated that it wasn't their problem that I lost the phone (not the issue - I fully accept responsibility) and would do nothing.  They confirmed that the driver had the phone but would not turn around. I needed a taxi later that evening and asked if that driver could pick me up and return my phone that way, and was told it wasn't possible.  I had no car and was staying in Scottsdale which meant I had to take a taxi the next morning from there to Mesa to pick up my phone from Lost and Found.  My hotel asked if they could just send a driver with the phone, since I needed a ride to the airport anyway, and they refused.  (again, stating it wasn't their problem that I lost the phone)  They were also quite rude on the phone both days to everyone, including me, who spoke to them about this issue.  Luckily, the hotel contacted another cab company, Tru Cab, who offered to take me there and back at a very reasonable flat rate.  I used them again to take me to the airport.  If you want decent customer service, do not use Discount Cab.  They just don't care about customer service.  At all.  They are certainly "green" when it comes to service.  Operating on a model where policy is more important than customers is not sustainable.  Call Tru Cab if you want to be treated like a human being.
Very good and very fresh. There was 4 of us for dinner and the service was fantastic along with all the food. If you love sushi, then yes......go
I was excited when I walked in, because it reminded me of a Waffle House.  I know Waffle House is generally pretty disgusting, but I love it.  Then I looked at the Merry Ann's menu and . . . no waffles!  WTF?
Excellent Place!!! Very inviting atmosphere. Felt like I was in a spa or boutique. Didn't have that hospital boring feel like UMC Urgent Care. I was checked in immediately and taken care by friendly and caring staff. My son has a minor cut that required stitches. Nice Dr. and very good !!! I was pleased with the process which I have waited elsewhere for 4-5 hours. Thank you. Highly recommend for your urgent care needs.
The Manor has a bar (mostly beer and wine) and comfy seating (although not stadium) - everything you could want! This place is a solid neighborhood theater!
Has to be one of the cleanest Thai food places ever!  The food is awesome every time we visit. The staff is very attentive and courteous. Love this place!!
on vacation in scottsdale - and this place was incredible.  it would stand up against the best restaurants in los angeles.  the place is family style where everybody shares.  you choose a few skewers and some main courses.  can also get some sushi or some noodle appetizers.  we got the miso cod and some sort of beef for the main courses and got a bunch of the skewers which were all incredible.  the flavor of everything was just awesome.  portions are tiny.  i can't say enough about this place!
**QUICK - PLEASANT - REASONABLY PRICED**\n\n I discovered Strada through Yelp and saw that it had rave reviews. Everyone spoke highly of Aram and his work so I requested a quote through the Yelp app. I have a 14k rose gold morganite engagement ring that needed resizing since it was too big and I also warped it by still wearing it. I told Aram the info on my ring and the also sent him pictures. Yelp gave me the option to send the same message to about 4 other jewelry repair shops but Aram got back to me first with a quote, what he would do, and said it would take an hour and I can watch. One other shop got back to me many hours later but $5 cheaper but it was just an estimate and would have to see if it costs more when they see it.\n\nI decided to go with Aram and he was fantastic. I sat and watched him work and took me through every single step of his process all while having a delightful conversation. He took his time and let me try on first before finishing. I'm glad I stayed because it was still a tad big so he quickly got to work. He also took the time to carefully polish it and offered to polish it whenever I'm in the area. A woman with a baby dropped in to quickly get her necklace fixed and honestly he was just so nice and said it would take 5 minutes and it did. Also she had a baby with her and Aram and I both agreed Mother's get priority. \n\nEventually the other shops got back to me but days later and were going to charge me more. One shop asked for the amount I ended up paying Aram and then an extra $65 before tax to possibly tighten diamonds that might come loose.\n\nI highly recommend his services. He was quick but efficient, was such a lovely man to talk to, he was knowledgeable, and seemed like an honest man just doing good work. Check him out!
Ive been here 3 times already , and every time has been packed , which is a good sign. Ikind of dis like having to squeeze through to get my salsa and garnishes, maybe its time to get a bigger spot? haha . I'm a huge fan of Tacos de Cabeza , alot of places have too much fat and are really greasy , but here its ON POINT . I havent tried any of the plates they have on the menu , usually stick to tacos . My daughter gets a cheese Quesadilla on a corn tortilla , and my hubby almost gets one of each taco on the menu ha . the green salsa the have there is the best ive had since my mother in law & the guacamole sauce (i think thats what it is) is also great . On my last Visit i had done take out , ordered 4 tacos de cabeza , i was craving it like crazy, took less than 10 mins, took me another 10 to get home , peeled back the foil and realized that I got Carne Asada, i was so sad or fat that i got dissapointed and ate my food unhappy , but that was partially my fault for not checking my order . i'll be back soon when im craving tacos !
Hmmm... I'm conflicted and a bit perplexed by this one.  \n\nFirst, let me admit that I bought a LivingSocial deal to this place and accidentally let it expire on Sept 3rd.  Knowing this, I called the restaurant and spoke with Jerry the manager.  After I told him the deal expired, he told me, "Don't worry about it, we will still take it." He was extremely pleasant on the phone and I presumed that he meant that the full deal would still be honored. \n\nOn the same day that I called and spoke with Jerry the manager, I went over to Garcia's.  After sitting down at my table, the server told me that she can only accept the "paid value" for the deal (which is the amount that I already paid) and that it will be deducted from my bill.  I explained that this was not my understanding after talking to Jerry the manager, but she said that she, "just talked to Jerry about it."  \n\nWhile I did not ask for Jerry (because sometimes I just don't feel like fighting), I am very displeased at the miscommunication that took place here.  I am deducting four stars for this whole debacle.  \n\nWith all of that said, the pollo fundido was very good (even though my spellcheck keeps changing it to "pool funded")... and the house margarita helped to turn my frown upside down... but the crowning moment of this visit was the fried ice cream.  Took me back to my childhood and all was good again.  For Garcia's Mexican Restaurant, this means I added a star back.\n\nI'd go back because of the food and fried ice cream, but not the service.
We came here mostly because my cousin Leslie gave us a $50 Chang's gift card as our wedding present. I've always appreciated that this is one of the healthier restaurant chains.  There's a heavy emphasis on fresh veggies, but as long as it includes their NOTORIOUSLY addictive crispy green beans, I don't mind one bit.\n\nSo it's kind of strange that we actually didn't have the green beans on this trip. Probably because for me, at least, the Chicken Lettuce Wraps took precedence over everything. It's always been my go-to here to help me with my 'crunchy' fix. \n\nWe also decided to chow down with Cecelia's Pork Dumplings, the Chicken AND the Pork Egg Rolls.  There were multiple orders of everything - yes, we (make that I) went a little nuts, but it wasn't a bad thing.  Paired with drinks, our "app dinner" was so satisfying, that we really didn't need dessert...I know that sounds like we had a choice, but we were so stuffed that we didn't.\n\nThe service was excellent as always. Not really a mystery why we hadn't been back in so long, since there are so many great places to eat in the Valley now, so that you never have to go to the Strip if you don't want to.\n\nI'll need to leave a reminder for myself sometime, to come back to Chang's every few weeks, so I won't need the excuse of a gift card...
****BEWARE OF ABBEY DENTAL**** I went because the commercial look really homely and I went there it's NOT AT ALL like that it's like a dealership for your teeth.! I noticed I had a crack in my molar and they told me I needed 3 crowns.  I was devastated because I never had problems with my teeth. The doctor that came in just looked in my mouth for not even a minute. The financial lady tells me everything would cost $2,085. I can't do this! I was freaking out I wanted my Xray to take for a 2nd opinion and they said I pay $5 and they only mail it and ot takes 2 weeks.  I cancelled my follow up appt.  And didn't say I was going somewhere else but I get a call and someone else saying that they heard I was going somewhere cheaper and they would match it. Hell NO! The 2nd opinion doctor said I only needed 4 fillings. That and the exam I paid only $371. Abbey Dental does not want to save teeth they want your hard earned money.  They definitely don't even deserve a 1 star!
What a crappy hotel. Dirty and noisy. Location is okay. And just to let you know, you can hear everything from the adjacent room with those doors in between.
I was incredibly surprised by Pamela's.  I thought the food was good (and unique!), the service was great, and the price wasn't too rough.  I went on a Wednesday morning, and it was relatively empty, but I'm aware it gets insanely crowded on the weekends so you'd have to plan ahead.  Definitely going to stop here again with my parents :)
The place is neat and tidy . Don't understand all the negative energy from the fellow yelper's about this place . It's not over crowded like the other tims and my order was done as soon the first minute I got there .
Knowing I would be having a late day in the office I decided to take care of a few grocery items during my lunch break. So, with the weather being nice out I headed on my 1st adventure to the uptown Harris Teeter.  Upon my arrival I was impressed that it was fully stocked with employees ready to serve you.  Being a different location than my usual, and also on a hunt for something I am making for a party, I chose to ask the HT employee for assistance. Not only did she tell me what aisle the product was in, she went with me and explained how she had used it.  I finished my list and was greeted at the register where they double bagged my items and I was off.  Very impressed with the options, cleanliness, and service I received.  I will be sure to remember HT when I don't want to deal with stopping on my way home from work.  Now, the only thing to remember is if you put anything in your office fridge, don't forget it!
JT's has been around for decades.  The wings are the best in town, and they have daily food specials (except F, S, S) and their well bourbon is Jim Beam.  On Wednesdays, you can get a 16 oz strip or an 8 oz filet  with baked potato and salad for 15 bucks--add a $4.50 cent Jim Beam and Coke, and you've eaten like a Monarch for 20 dollars.  Seriously?  Fantastic.  Can't handle that?  Thursday is 95 cent taco night.  Biggest problem here is that JT's is TINY, and their good food and booze is no secret.  Parking and a place to sit are going to be your biggest problem.  Come early and stay late-that will cure the issue.
Pour moi les meilleures glaces molles de Montréal. \nToutes les deux semaines, des nouvelles saveurs toutes plus originales les unes que les autres. Sorbet framboise et cheesecake, chocolat noir et framboise, mangue et dulce de leche, orange et coconut... \nIl parait que la ville a même agrandi leur trottoir car trop d'achalandage !!!  (je ne sais pas si c'est vrai, mais ça ne m'étonnerait pas  ;) )
For an all you can eat sushi place this might be the best out there! Yep. Dinner selections are absolutely delicious with sashimi. Love all their sushis. Bang for your buck all the way thru. Their green tea ice cream is good and the service is nice. Place is very clean as well.
I thought this place was pretty good. I've had massages in the $30 and $300 range and for the cost it was amazing. The people were friendly and everything was very clean. If you use the Groupon they charge $15 as part of the tip because most people don't tip and you're already getting a great deal. I wanted to tip extra over the $15 and the lady acted like that's never been done before. I'm accustomed to tipping for good service but apparently most aren't..
Went with a group last night and was surprised we were able to get in.  The service was very.....awkward.  It must have been our servers first serving job as well.  I chalked this up to being new so I'm not deducting anything.  \n\nOrdered the butchers board and appreciated the explanation about the different meats and cheeses. The "mine" bleu cheese was the best.  Ordered the prime strip and it was excellent.  Substituted the mashed potatoes and they were good but my friend said hers were cold.  She also just likes to complain.  \n\nBanana cream pie was good.  Had a kick to it.   \n\nWill be back again.
So we've been here a few times now, and each time it keeps getting better. The chilequellitas were perfectly crunchy and the relleno very flavorful, perfect for a light meal. If you want to fill up, try the Escobar-ger. This come with enough add-ons to tailor this burger to anyone's taste. Next visit, the catfish!
Excellent service! First visit here at Banger Brewing! Being a visitor from Hawaii I felt the aloha from this wonderful crew! Their extensive knowledge in beer was overall impressive!! Let's just say I'll be coming back to visit! Thank you Banger Brewing for a wonderful first experience!
We liked looking at all the music memorabilia but we were not fans of their nachos. It was the bean and sauce mixture. In the future if I wind up at another HRC I will order them with out the beans and sauce because the rest of it was decent. This location was at the Station Square that overlooked the river and downtown Pittsburgh. It was a good location for sitting on the patio and watching a water show that played with the music. Our server wasn't busy so she was overly attentive - to the point of seriously annoying. Overall, it was ok and not a terrible experience.
Seriously, the 007 is the best bar in this area. Friendly staff, great prices and there's always munchies :) the owner is amaizing!
War mal gut ist aber seit langer Zeit nicht mehr Konkurrenzfähigkeit. Die Pizzas sind Matschig und die Nudeln schmecken grauenhaft
Dinner for two came to $325 including tax and a 20% tip. \n\nWe ordered off the the three-course menu. For this we got (total) two drinks, two salads, two appetizers, two steaks, three or four sides, and four desserts. Everything was truly delicious -- though the meal was two months ago and I've forgotten most of the details. I've been to great steakhouses and this is as good as if not better than the best.\n\nStaff treated us like VIPs.
Just went back for a facial and several hours to get lost in spa serenity. The day was nice and the treatment was good but the spa is slipping. \n\nI have to take away a star for some unfortunate details. After all, the details are important! In lieu of the usual satiny spa robe with a pretty embroidered logo, I got a terry robe with ripped loops and no belt. I can't walk around comfortably with my tea and magazine whilst holding my robe closed. Boo. Also, no more infused water.  Only bottles. Where is the refreshing lemon and cucumber waters? In addition, the magazine selection was sub par. \n\nI still love this spa and I'll likely return but I might check out some others to see if I'm missing out. Get it together GVR! I expect greatness.
My favorite deli! Can't stop going back! It's really good and there is lots to choose from! Free soft serve, and muffins with a meal! I always get the turkey wrap!
Been here several times and while on the weekends it can be wall to wall packed the lunchtime brunch is a lot more tolerable. Garbage fries are my favorite! Food has always been fantastic but I think I enjoy the wall art the most when I come here
I live on the same street as this place and after passing by it for over a year.. it was finally time! My friend and I had an amazing lunch and I can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu. I ordered the big healthy bowl and it was full of flavour and absolutely delicious. The servers were really nice and attentive as well. We ended up sitting on the heated patio which was a bit tricky as the heat was either way too hot or there was a bit of a draft but it's so pretty.. we didn't mind. Just ask to sit inside if temperature is your thing. \nCan't wait to go back!
Was great with theirs selection, the crab & the lobster bits were fabulous! The oysters mussels and clams .. they were gritty and slightly slimy.
We Decided to go to Applebee's for Lunch as Our car was getting Serviced and this was close by, we was greeted almost straight away and was able to get a beer, after studying the menu, we decided to get 2 for $25 plus a appetiser, we got boneless chicken wings with honey coating, we was presented with BBQ when we said we got the wrong flavour we was told that this was Honey BBQ we did not order BBQ and there was no way this was honey bbq, it looked like they had just emptied a jar of bbq sauce over the wings, so much so that My husband could not eat them, there is a big Difference between honey and bbq sauce and this was just bbq sauce poured on top of the wings terrible, then My main came I had the steak medium well but it came out medium rare, My husband wanted stir fry the meat on my dish and his was tough and I mean tough, we would have had another desert and another Samuel Adams beer but trying to tell us BBQ sauce was honey and then having meat tough as old nails and not cooked the way we wanted it, put us off. we was served by Isabel O at 13:50 on 06.23.16 we sat at the bar.
I have been to this spot numerous times in the last five months and no visit is like the one before it.\n\nLocation:  This neighborhood bar is nestled in the North Collinwood area....think Waterloo District.\n\nMood\/Ambiance:  This place has a very at home-ish vibe from the moment you walk through the door.  Think Cheers.....complete with friendly comedic regulars, mostly wood decor and a Sam Malone attractive owner\/bartender.\n\nEntertainment:  It really depends on the night.  I would suggest following them on Instagram, facebook and\/or calling ahead.  I have seen live bands, comedy shows, karaoke and a DJ depending on the night.  \n\nHappy Hour: Long Islands, Margaritas & house wine $3.00. 2$ Miller and Budlights.  5:30pm-7:30pm Tuesday-Saturday closed on Sunday and Monday.\n\nFare:  The menu has changed for the better over the last month.  They have always offered chicken tenders, burgers, fries and wings.  Basically the food you expect at a bar.  Recently healthier options have been added.......and I love it.  There is a delicate balance to watching your weight and loving food and I have found that balance in the tex mex bowl.  There is a chicken, pork or shrimp version of the bowl.  I am in a very serious mutually satisfying relationship with the shrimp bowl.  The quinoa, the corn.....you really just have to try it!  Your tastebuds will love you for it.\n\nTip:  The soft chocolate chip cookies are soft and warm out the oven and the kitchen closes at midnight.
Food was pretty good. Long salad bar with tons of options.\n\nSoup bar had a few good choices chili is always a good option
Fucking disgusting. Never eating here again. Really expensive and no flavor. It literally took 2 hours to get my food. I timed every minute. This place doesn't even deserve a star.
Went back recently, and it was just as good, if not better than I remembered.  I was too long in Las Vegas.  Price, portions and service are all excellent.  I just wish I lived closer.
Food wise it's 5 stars but wait wise it's a 1. They tell you when to come back but that does not mean you will get the lunch price because they will stop you right before price change even when they tell you to come back by certain time. If the ticket you get says to return before 3 you should get the lunch price!!!!! Make the change
Das Ganesha West war ganz OK. Der Service war trotz großer indischer Gruppe mit eigenem Buffet recht aufmerksam und das Essen war auch in Ordnung für den Preis. Wir hatten das Menü III für 3 anstatt 2 Personen bestellt und haben es nicht geschafft alles aufzuessen. Das Lokal hätte jedoch um den Tisch herum durchaus etwas sauberer sein können.\nBeim nächsten Besuch in Stuttgart würde ich evtl. einen anderen Inder probieren.
I lucked into Katherine at Awesome Nails when I moved here in the summer of 2013.  Although I travel for work, I try to get here at least once a month.  Not only are these two sisters professional in every way, they have the most up to date colors.  You have to have an appointment since they are super busy.  I text them the times I can come in and they give me an appointment within those timeframes.  Their prices are competitive but mostly I come to Awesome nails for the perfect nails & toes and tons of laughter...isn't that what it's really about when you have this service done!
I was forced into My Thai by my daughter on Labor Day, sort of. We had just got done with shopping, and the evil twin had a taste for something Asian. This would be our second time eating here, I just never got around to reviewing our first trip. \n\nWe stopped in around 3, and the restaurant was empty, but we were warmly greeted by Fawn our waitress who sat us next to one of the large windows looking out onto W. Liberty Ave. \n\nThe menu isn't jam packed or confusing, daughter ordered Pad Thai, and I got the Tom Yum Noodle Soup with seafood added. We both chose heat level 4, but ended up needing a few extra spoons of Thai chili, and hot sauce.\n\nThe Pad Thai looked really good, with tofu, and a mixture of vegetables. Daughter said it wasn't salty (like some other places), or mushy. \nMy Tom Yum Noodle Soup, was flavorful, and had a nice mixture of seafood (octopus rings, mussels, shrimp and pieces of fish. The broth was a blend of fish sauce, lemongrass, and or beef broth. Sweet, savory, and tangy if that makes sense. Overall yumminess, the noodles were rice noodles, nicely chewy and the bok choy bright green with freshness. \n\nWe shared the Sweet Sticky Rice with Mango for dessert, just let me eat sweet sticky rice with coconut milk every day. \nThe service was friendly, and the food hit the spot.
After watching Top Chef and having already been to Michael Voltaggio's stellar restaurant (The Dining Room), my wife and I had been looking forward to trying Tom Colicchio's "Craftsteak" for several months. So, the first thing we did when arriving at Vegas was make reservations.\n\nI'll mention a few things: My wife and I are both under 30 and we were a party of two. I've always felt that if you really want to know how good a restaurant truly is, you visit as a party of two. Any restaurant in the world will bend over backwards to make a big party happy (servers know that more people = bigger tips), but when a restaurant treats a couple well, you know that they have class. \n\nSad to say, this was the most classless fine dining experience that we've ever had. We would have complained to the manager had they been anywhere to be found... alas, Yelp.com gets the supreme pleasure of hearing the brutal truth :) Have fun with this guys\/gals!\n\nFirst: for $110 a person, you can eat like a king in Vegas. The food here was edible, but so is the food at any $30 buffet in town. You come to a place like this for top notch service and mind-blowing food - Craftsteak failed at both.\n\nService: 1\/5\n\nAs many yelpers have suggested, the service here is almost non-existent until you are filling out the tip line on the check, when it becomes patronizing. We waited nearly 20 minutes before one of our four servers even bothered to ask us if we wanted to get drinks - and another 20 minutes before they asked if we wanted to order. With four servers you'd think that a party of two would be able to place a drink and food order within a half hour.\n\nNow, before you think that this was intentional politeness on their part (nobody likes to be urged to order right away at a nice restaurant), this wasn't that - this was them being nearly oblivious to the fact that we were in the restaurant in the first place; Which is odd, because we made reservations and were seated front and center in the middle of the dining room. \n\nStill optimistic, we asked for an explanation about how the restaurant preferred to serve it's guests - but instead of being offered a clear explanation of the menu, the waiter rambled off a nearly incoherent sentence or two about how we should really just order from the chef's tasting menu. Ok, thanks for nothing - we are at Craftsteak, we KNOW that we're here for the chef's tasting menu! We came to spend!\n\n20 more minutes passed before the next of our waiters arrived. He, again, advised us on the chef's tasting menu. We urged him to explain the tasting menu and finally we got an explanation - which would have been great except that he got his numbers completely mixed up. He explained that each guest receives 2 salad tastings, 2 meat tastings, and 2 side tastings. Our math said that meant 6 different tastings per person - 12 total - another Yelper mentioned 16 plates of food per couple, so that sounded about right. \n\nWe waited another 15 before anyone came back to take our order...\n\nThe third waiter shows up like the friggin' hero of the day. We proceed to place our order, he informs us that we have everything wrong - you only get 1 of each tasting selection... which is kinda funny - because it defeats the purpose of the "tasting" menu if you are just going to serve massive family size portions of a few things, but whatever. We ordered the tasting menus (the wagyu beef versions, which were $130\/person).\n\nAbout 30 seconds pass before we did a little math and realized that we were actually paying quite a bit MORE for the tasting menu than if we had just ordered ala carte for the items that we wanted to try thanks to our fellow Yelpers (Bisque, Quail, Yukon Puree, Filet, etc.).\n\nThroughout the meal, servers rarely came to the table to check on us. Service was tacky, although they were so pretentious that someone might confuse it for them being "fancy". Cmon yelpers - it's not "fancy" to leave cold, uneaten bread on the table for the ENTIRE meal when you have the main course out. It's not "fancy" to leave the clean, empty wine glasses on the table when we are on our second round of cocktails. Fine dining establishments are careful to manicure the eating process, this felt like I was at TGIF Fridays. Servers bumbled around, breaking 2 wine glasses and hoping no one saw. We had dirty, finished plates of food in front of us for the majority of the meal. My drink sat empty for no less than 25 minutes. \n\nI could go on but Yelp limits me to 5000 letters ;) \n\nFood - 2\/5:\nThe Ribeye was tasty, but thin and covered in fat and gristle. The Filet was overcooked. The lobster bisque tasted like it was doused in fennel seeds. The quail, onions and yukons were good. The rest was mediocre at best. Again - it was edible, but for $110+ per person, my jaw should be in my lap. Worse, no ever checked on us despite $270 of food being on the table. \n\nSave your cash - or better - use it for a plane to LA and visit The Dining Room. We left disappointed.
OK, I gotta say the pizza here is not very good.\n\nBUT!!!  The pokey stix!  Oh my God...  You don't realize a good thing until it's taken away from you.  Since moving out of Champaign, I've had friends bring me some pokey stixs up here to Chicago.  Also, the last time I went down there with a friend, I made him try this stuff.  He loved it as well.\n\nYou gotta love the ranch as well as the marinara dipping sauces.  Both of them are excellent.\n\nYou know what and the goodness lasts and is somehow even better as left-overs.  Just throw 'em in the oven and they're awesome all over again.\n\nYou guys should start delivering to Chicago... somehow...
This place is located inside Galleria Mall. The young staff that works there is friendly but the ice cream has a weird taste to it. I order the same thing at 2 other locations and I have no issues. I don't know if it's the product or if the machine needs more cleaning but something needs to change.
I've been letting my brows run loose haven't touch them for a while so i can try threading. I wanted to try Forever Young Salon but it was closed. Apollo was just a couple stores away from Forever. I was really nervous because it was my first time. Sat in the chair and in a matter of three minutes i was done. Painless! Love the results. I definitely will go back!\nCheap as well 5 bucks!
The place has got the hype! No denying that fact. Have gotten out the word of the specials on various days! We went on a vegan\/veggie night on a Wednesday. It was packed around 8pm and were seated after a 20 min wait. Ambience is that of a sports bar with not many television. Noice level is high which definitely avoids some embarrasment for families like us with a 2 yr old screaming at the top of his voice. \nThe pimms cup with lime juice and 7up is light in the beginning but gets to you if sipping on an empty stomach. Amish chicken wings had a smokey BBQ flavour and lite too sweet for our taste. Veg sliders were the best part of our meal, however for $10 I could have taken a spicy chicken sandwich from wendy's and a large Cajun fries from 5 guys and would have enjoyed it better. Lastly the potato gnocchi is so bland that we finished half the pepper and salt shaker. No pun intended. Why the 3 stars, that's because of how the owners have hyped the place to make it busier than many restaurants are even on weekends. Price is reasonable for the portion!!
Went here the other day with my friend to get boba, got really fast service the place seemed really friendly. Definitely going to back for more!
I always feel sorta corny going to Tea Infusion because it's at Tempe Marketplace but I just have to get over that cause this is what's close to home and it is what it is. Being a green tea purist I like that they have lotsa greens, or at least more than most. And of course the wi-fi is a plus! (I'm there now getting some writing done and now that the obnoxious teens have left I can get back to that and stop dilly-dallying around on yelp.) There's always something extra going on----workers discussing wayyyyy personal feminine matters not in their "wayyyyy personal feminine matters" voices. Call me old-fashioned, but I'd rather not be privy to such when I'm sipping green! So I did remember to bring headphones this time.  \n\nOk 3 stars, sorta sucks, but professionalism counts darn-it! I can't rate them on food or other fruity\/chocolaty\/milky\/boba concoctions, but I know that there is a bacon dish on the menu because I've smelled it 2 of the 3 times that I've been. That annoys me. But that's just me; I guess lots of people like bacon and tea. I should stop rating. But sometimes I just have to get outside and write, even though I have loads of green tea at home. Next time I'll stay home. Enjoy the green tea!
This negative review is driven by Chanel corporate lack of transparency in its return policy and could have happened in any one of it US stores - the review is linked to the actual store were the purchase was made. \n\nMy wife owns a number of Chanel luxury items, as well as products from other similar high-end brands. In this instance, she was interested in a watch and with the help of the sales agent (who was friendly & accommodating) selected the product that she thought she wanted. Immediately on leaving the store she had second thoughts and the following day she went back to the store to try to do a return. The product had not been worn, or even removed from its packaging in the intervening 12-hr period. \n\nOn returning to the shop, she was told that a return of the money that was paid for the watch was not possible and the only option was to do an exchange for other items in the store as this was the corporate policy. We challenged that we believed this is not normal in the US and we had not been told this by the sales agent. The Manger of the store was summoned and was very firm on the issue and pointed us to the sales receipt where it does indeed say that Jewelry and Watches can only be exchanged, not refunded. This felt very much like a "Corporate Gotya" as, of course, we only get sales receipt after we have already paid for the product. \n\nA subsequent search on the Chanel website (as of this review date) confirms that nothing is mentioned about a no-return policy on Chanel jewelry, or watches. \n\nSo the message to other potential buyers of Chanel jewelry or watches is be very aware that once you have paid, there is a enforced non-return policy - your (commission based) sales agent is unlikely to tell you this up front and you will not find it on Chanel's website.
Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2015 #5 - #365\n\nBack in California in the Cabazon Outlets, there was a Godiva store that unfortunately had closed and that was a bummer. Walking around the Las Vegas Premium Outlet we saw the Godiva Store and didn't hesitate to check it out. Lots of deals were to be had especially with the after Christmas sale and some clearance items as well. \n\nThe line was a bit long but it moved quickly. We were given a free sample of their chocolate, I think it was the fudge brownie truffle. It sold my Mom on buying the pack that was on sale for 5 for $25 which was a great deal. They had a display case and was surprised to them selling ice cream. I'll try it next time I'm shopping in the outlet. Friendly staff who assisted us right away and answered our questions about the prices and chocolate.
This is one habbit I don't think I will be picking up. While it may not be a bad habbit I think there are better ones to be had.\n\nInside it looks like fast food a counter, menu above condiment station and tables, But here you get a pager Vs a call, and the prices are a bit higher. \n\nI had a albacore tuna sandwich, $5.75 a thin slab of tuna on a huge bun with tons of tartar sauce and lettuce.  It was not bad but I like fish and don't need to only taste the sauce. \n\nFor a side I had the onion rings $1.95 they were not special at all with a breadcrumb type coating and thin onions inside. \n\nOverall I was unimpressed and the vlaue was not quiet there.
We were unsuccessful at putting in new locks on our own, so we called Phoenix Lockmaster.  Mike came right out and was very friendly and helpful.  We were frustrated with our failure and he put us at ease and got us all fixed up in a short amount of time!  He was great and we are very thankful!
Have this place on speed dial. Easy to order by fone, pickup & have a very reasonable, healthy meal. Altho, I do splurge on the lemon-oregano fries sometimes!\nTheir portions are great....not 2-3 strips of chicken in the wrap....much more and only $6!\nAlways fresh!
Awesome environment with good music, friendly service, and tasty food! Everyone works together as a team which makes the atmosphere so much better.
From start to finish I was not a fan of this office. The front desk staff was short when booking, and pretty rude when I walked in. I had a few questions on the forms and they were snippy, which comes off quite unprofessional. The doctor walked in and asked if I had been there before. Even before introducing himself and should have known I was a new patient if he had looked at my chart. They removed a few moles and the doctor told me the results would be in to me in a week. As soon as he left, the nurse asked to stay In the room as I changed to finish her notes (unprofessional again)\nThen told me the timeframe will really be 2-3 weeks, WAY longer than what the doctor said. I would not recommend this office. There are way to many other dermatologist that care about patients and treat them professionally.
I think that I would come to Koreatown just to visit the food court.\n\nThe Greenland Supermarket meets all of my Asian food needs, desires, wants, etc.  I like the variety and of dry goods, produce, and meats.  It would be more helpful if all of the displays were both in English and Korean.  I am the Korean-American kid that didn't pay attention much to my Korean language skills.\n\nThe best thing I like about the Greenland Supermarket is finding all the great things that I didn't know I needed until I walked by the displays!
Sushi Garden is one my favourite spots in the Yonge and St Clair area for a quick but delicious lunch. It has a great selection of lunch specials with very affordable prices (especially considering the location of the restaurant). For instance, $5.99 gets you a general portion of Chicken Teriyaki with Miso Soup, complimentary Japanese tea, and consistently prompt and courteous service. The quality of the sushi at Sushi Garden is also decent and definitely worth the price tags. \n\nThe only odd part is they will take credit cards but not debit card or American Express, so be aware before you step in!
I needed a stylist in Green Valley and after a little research I made an appointment with Gwen for cut and color.  I had only seen one negative review and that person had said she was 'rude'.  IDK what universe that person lives in as I found Gwen to be a lovely person...friendly, funny and sweet!  As far as the cut and the color...I'm THRILLED with the results!  She knew how to cut my hair properly...most stylist have cut layers into my hair for 'body'...and that is something I have in spades!  I haven't had to touch my flat iron once since Gwen did my hair, it lays perfectly just using a blowdryer....which is a first!  I'm so happy I found her and will definitely be going back to her from now on. I will be recommending her to anyone who asks!  Great cut\/color and a wonderful person!
Staff is friendly, selection is good. Feel bad they have to deal with all these annoying whiney soccer mom's all day.
So people from Hawaii who come to Las Vegas love this Boyd hotel. This hotel has the best buffet downtown with the most selection. It also has a couple of other good restaurants too that us Hawaii locals enjoy. \n\nThe rooms are clean and decent. This is the nicest of the Boyd hotels in my opinion. It is one of the Vacations Hawaii package hotel locations and they have US Rental Car place on site which is super convenient. There is also a free wifi area if you need it. \n\nThe casino has a good variety of games and is brightly lit. It feels spacious unlike the other cramped casinos downtown. \n\nThe parking lot is a little strange. There is an empty parking lot attendant box. And after you park, you take the stairs down and walk to the hotel (not as convenient as the Cal). \n\nThe staff is very friendly and will treat you like ohana!
Worst pedicure of my life.  Tech didn't speak any English.  Removed my polish with an emery board, then nail file.  Cut my toe nails unevenly.  Had to ask more than once to cut 6 nails shorter.  Didn't trim cuticles. Didn't put anything between my toes.  Awful.
The highlights:\n\n*Nearly unsurpassed whiskey selection. the bar is beautiful with the bottles lined up single file and illuminated along the back of the bar. Make sure you ask for the iPad with the spirits menu. They carry the entire Van Winkle line, several vintages of several Buffalo Trace Antique collection bottles, multiple iterations of Parker Heritage College, and many rare bottles like Michters Celebration, AH Hirsch 16, and Four Roses Marriage. All the whiskeys are available in 1 and 2 oz pours. \n\n* The cocktails are interesting takes on modern classics and often feature neat house made components\n\n* The decor is like an upscale resort hunting lodge with a very large antler chandelier. \n\n* The food was in general very good. The specials are constantly changing and usually feature interesting highlighted ingredients like pork cheek, rabbit, Waygu beef, and diver scallops. Make sure you get the Focaccia and Brussels as starters\n\n* Servers were useful with suggestions for food, drinks, and meal planning. They came by frequently to refill water and get drink orders
Of course going to Vegas with my Vietnamese family meant getting our pho fix on at least once in Vegas during our stay, this time, it was on our way out from Vegas. This is one of the better pho restaurants in Vegas, they have everything on their menu and reasonably priced too! Their service is kinda sucky, but I guess that's understandable since this place is packed all hours of the day until closing. I guess this place is the place to be when you need your pho fix. Obviously they're not as good as what you can find in your mom's kitchen or possibly out in Bolsa but its decently priced and tastes good enough. This is obviously a come-back place. duh. lol.
I've loved diner food all my life and thanks to all the Greek families that have settled in Charlotte, for a long time there was plenty of delicious diner food to go around.. Now, as those restaurants steadily close, it is hard to find diner food that is not just bland hamburger and fry fare. The Diamond has plenty of good hamburger options, but like all true diners, that is not all they specialize in. There are also a healthy amount of salads, sandwiches, blue plate specials and regular dinner entrees to make your mouth water. And if the taste seems familiar, a lot of folks working at The Diamond came from The Penguin before it closed down. I love this place and eat here often. It's not always the easiest parking situation, but the food is great, the staff is friendly and that's the most important part, right?
Get the Milkshake - Its soo good! Sandwich is literally worth the wait! Love the location near my work.. and employee's are always happy.
Heist is a vast vision of a restaurant for the NoDa area. It's not JUST a brewery, despite the sneaky little name. There are a couple of other breweries that are only breweries just down the road. And they do a great job of brewing beer.\n\nBut Heist is not just a bar. There are some bar staples...and a Charlotte must-have: pretzels and beer cheese. Chef Rob is also pulling out all the stops with adventurous menu items like shrimp and lemon-wasabi cotton candy, compressed watermelon, flatbreads with key ingredients like duck and veal cheek. It's not your run of the mill brewpub, ok?\n\nBecause Heist is so high profile and newer than some of the other breweries, there appear to be mixed reviews in terms of the beer. I defy you to spend 5 minutes with the brewer, Zach, and come away anything but baptized into the Heist beer family. I'm a fan of the I2PA, but I recently had a Hefe that I didn't hate. That's a miracle for me.\n\nI'd be remiss if I didn't mention the cocktail menu. That's one place where Heist shows up every other brewery-style restaurant I've experienced. Their bar staff are on point, friendly and always whipping up flavorful, inventive creations straight from the brilliant mind of award-winning mixologist, Stefan Huebner.\n\nRecently, the Mr and I ventured in for brunch, since we had heard good things. It was around 1pm on a Sunday, and we were ravenous. My appreciation for the buffet-style offerings are as follows: vegetarian options galore, waffle and omelette station, bread pudding, fresh fruit, etc. At only $15, it's a Charlotte brunch bargain. We opted for a carafe of sangria and were very pleased with our choice. Just what the doctor ordered on a Sunday after church.\n\nAlso of note, the interior is really easy on the eyes. Very creatively broken up into spaces that make it feel at once cozy and austere. You really just must experience it.
when I needed Travel insurance for my vacation in Austria John Chase arranged it in just one day and the price was reasonable . I trust John with all my Insurance needs.
We went on Saturday for dinner. Not very crowded. There are ample seating inside and outside patio which is dog friendly. We ordered Superfood salad with tofu and curry chicken. The salad is super fresh and portion size was huge. The rice was al dente. Green tomato Gazpacho was little on the salty side but was interesting. Love the casual atmosphere and friendly staff and quick service. Highly recommend!
This place is so good, you can never get a seat. I advise you come by during the summer.  lots of nice places for a little picnic in Old Mtl.
We've stayed at MGM, The Wynn, Treasures, and NYNY and the Mirage was by far the worst. To start, the service on the casino level for cocktails was non existent. We had 1 good waitress in five days of gambling. They were rude when they did provide service. I would sit down at a slot and average wait time to see a server was about 45 minutes then\nalways at least 20 minutes to get my drink once I placed my order. The rooms are small and old. They were clean but stained carpet, water pressure was weak in the shower, and it just looked like a cheap room. We stayed in the deluxe premium view room. My expectations, being an MGM resort, were high however the experience was pretty awful. Additionally the buffet, we visited for breakfast twice, was average\/below average. We also tried the breakfast at Harrahs and Flamingo. All three left a lot of room for improvement. If you've visited Golden Corral then you've visited the Mirage buffet. The food was fresh and the drink station was neat but everything else was just OK. I'd suggest to spend a few more dollars, go to the left, and eat at the WYNN buffet.  Perhaps our expectations were way too high since the price is more than MGM and NYNY but the price suggests four star and realistically the hotel is a 2 star facility.\n\n A major con was that the only option for coffee was Starbucks and it had limited hours only opening at 530am. For the early risers, in order to get a drink, you have to walk across the street to the linq for a coffee.
Shana was incredible! I have been looking for a new colorist  and couldn't have been more happy with Shana. I explained what I was going for, showed her pictures and she gave me exactly what I wanted! Amazing! Thank you, Shana. Thank you, The Root!
I have had Embrace for my 2 cats for over a year.  The few times we have filed claims, it has taken over 6 week to process (when you sign up it says it will take a max of 2 weeks).  We are currently waiting for a claim and have been charged premiums while waiting for a refund that is clearly covered, so we are out more money than if we had not been insured!
I am so thrilled that Pure Barre came to Chandler. It is the best hour long full body workout with upbeat music and encouraging instructors. I am 15 days into my 30 day challenge and am a little addicted to how good I feel after each class. I can feel my body changing one inch at a time. Veronica, the owner, is a doll and it is obvious how passionate she is about PB. The instructors are all fantastic and dedicated to helping ensure good form while they  TORTURE... ahem.. I mean help you achieve your fitness goals :-) Best workout on the planet.\nLift Tone Burn Baby!
I really do like the curry goat roti here. In fact that's all I've purchased and I've been back a number of times.  They've been in business a long time and I do sometimes wonder why they don't renovate the place to make it look a bit better because I think this IS the original decor. They MUST have the funds for it after being in business so long. That's my only 'complaint'. The curry goat roti is great.
Criss, you need better people around you. This production does not do a good job to show off your talents and your staff in the theater is very unfriendly. There are about 25 other shows in Las Vegas I'd rather see. Wouldn't waste the money people, just my opinion, from The Insider of Vegas.
I have 2 pugs that I guard with my life and I feel that the staff here does the same. Whether I'm away for 9 days in Maui and calling everyday to check in or just dropping them off for a day of doggy daycare fun and excersize, the staff is always welcoming and happy to oblige my every need. They smile and dote over my babies, what could be better! And of course, the most telling sign that this is a GREAT place is the reaction I get from my pugs when we pull in and they can't get out of the car and inside the door fast enough! :) Super highly recommended by this pug owner!
WTF? I've never reviewed Tryst. LOL Ok so seriously my first time here it was weird. Going down the hallway to stairs leading down. First thought. Now if I got wasted, it would really hurt going....I dunno UP STAIRS. Especially since they're stone....and probably no cushion for falling. I'm sure there's a formula for drunk+Up+stumble+stone\/marble steps = Owie. \nWhen you get inside, the club is definitely beautiful, it opens up to a large dancefloor followed by a panaramic view of a waterfall.. I was here when it was also I think called Bete....Definitely a sight to see. Then I came here for some NFL Party which was retarded packed with people and celebs and ball players flowing with Roederer Cristal and making it rain for Peons. \nI also came one time and almost got into a fight by catching this guy's arm as it was about to smack one of my gfs....and finally...I came and watched people making out, a couple one redhead and some dude almost boinking her outside by the waterfall as her dress kept riding up and her white panties exposed to the public while on the other corner some guy's got two asian girls worshiping him like some fallic symbol.\nSure Tryst always has something going on everytime I go. I do hate the drink prices. I mean the last time I went. 3 shots were like 42 dollars? Really? Redheaded sluts aren't gonna get me that messed up. Music isn't bad....Ambiance is expensive and beautiful. What you're gonna get screwed on is line. If you don't frequent that often like moi....then you gotta push your weight around. Even bouncers don't know what the hell is going on. Even when I'm supposed to get a line pass. So yes like every other club. Everyone has an ulterior motive. What I say? Down with the hundred dollar handshake....
Favorite barre studio in AZ. I got one month unlimited for $100. you will be deliciously sore if you go here. My favorite instructors are Alyssa and Tamara. this barre studio is my happy place. go. you will not regret it.
Late lunch in Cleveland. The food had lots of great flavors, got a fish taco and a pollo rojo taco and some chips and guac, all delicious. They had lots of great drink specials though I had to skip out on them due to work. Seems like a great lunch or drinks & bites spot.
SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE. A girlfriend of mine said she has been here before and the service was wonderful and the food was as well. So she decided to take me here for lunch for a great experience.  I gave them more than 3 chances to rectify the situation but they did nothing besides give me a Bellini on the house which I could have paid for my own, no problem. First, I ordered a warm brie with caramelized apple appetizer that they served me cold. The waiter indeed took the cold brie and served us a fresh one. But while we were waiting for the warm brie the food runner brought our entrees out and we informed her we still haven't had a chance to enjoy our appetizer and we simply weren't ready for out entree. The food runner had the nerve to ask us " well what do you want me to do with the food then", in a very ugly and agitated tone. Then she had the nerve to tell us she will set them aside until we are ready to have them. My friend then tells her well they will be cold by the time we finish our appetite and the food runner agains says well what am I suppose to do and you just ordered salad any way so it doesn't matter if I sit it aside or not. I actually ordered a grilled shrimp salad so I should have had hot fresh grilled shrimp. Which you would think it is her job to figure out what she is gonna do and not ask us how to fix the situation. So my friend very respectfully tells her that she will just have to make us fresh plates unfortunately because our appetizer was not served properly. The food runner rolls her eyes and literally stomps off with the food. I was livid at this point so when my waiter came back to the table I explained to him what had happened and he seems appalled about the situation and said he would talk to her because she should have automatically taken the food back when we told her we were still waiting on out appetizer and that it was common sense we would have fresh dishes prepared. So after the brie came out fresh and I honestly loved it. Actually an amazing appetizer when served properly.The same food runner comes back with our entree and when it comes out it had no dressing at all on it. So instead of trying to come off like I am trying to complain about it I ask her does this dish come with dressing or is it meant to be a dry salad. I asked only because it could be possible they serve it dry MAYBE. So she looks at my salad and clearly see there isn't a drop of dressing on it and sighs and says would you like me to bring you some dressing to put on it. By this time I felt like getting up and walking out but I relaxed and again explained to the waiter what happened with the same food runner he observed my salad and clearly said oh definitely there isn't dressing on it. I then apologize to the waiter because I don't like to be that complaining type customer and he said all the right things and took the salad to go put dressing on it which is what the food runner should have did instead of bringing me dressing to dress my own salad but I explained to the waiter I didn't even want the salad anymore and to forget it. He insisted he would make me something special to compensate for the horrible service I was receiving so I attempted to give him a third try to fix the problem.He then brings me the dish which I didn't get to enjoy because I was so upset from everything that happened I ended up no eating it. So when the bill comes I realized he didn't only charge me for the special dish he made to compensate for the horrible service but he charged me for the shrimp salad I never touched. I was in complete shock and I was so over the whole experience I just gave me friend the money to pay the bill and I walked out. I will definitely NEVER be going there again and if they know whats good for them they should fire that food runner because I'm sure with her attitude I'm not the first customer she has ran off.
Went here today for the first time for happy hour. \nVery big and clean place lots of tvs for sports. \nHad some drinks wings and tried the Philly cheesesteak pretty good. Good service and food.
It's so nice to be able to give 5 well-deserved stars for an awesome experience. Rubs knows what they are doing, and the meats are just amazing. Flavourful, cooked to perfection, this was a perfect way to end a cold, snowy day. Our group of 6 shared the big Texan platter and a plate of beef ribs, of course with all of the sides. We were all thoroughly impressed, not only with the food but the ambiance and the service as well. \n\nWe ended off with their chocolate-covered bacon and ice cream which, despite not actually having any room inside my body for more food, was the best way to end the meal. \n\nWOW! Thanks to Mike and the staff for an authentic, memorable experience.
Ladies and gentlemen let's get our feed bags on the portions are huge here. When you enter the restaurant there is a lot to take in lots of things all over to look at but pretty cool. I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak two fork tender pieces of beef lightly battered fried and topped with  homemade gravy. All entrees served with salad or Cole Slaw homemade mashed potatoes and gravy or texaz fries bread and butter. I would say this meal could feed someone for a week it's a lot of food but really good so if you want a great Chicken Fried Steak it's a must try.
Found them through Yelp. they did an amazing job and they used dealer parts. Their service is as good as the dealership!!!!!! Very happy with joey and his business
Had the opportunity to try Queen Margherita Pizza last night. I've passed by this location many times before not knowing they have a large lower dining area. There is also an open kitchen with a large wood oven burning in the middle where the pizzas are cooked. The pizzas are true neopolitan style, and come with a variety of toppings. We had the calabrese pizza and the white pulled pork one. Both were delicious with generous toppings and the most delicious, sweet dough. I ate all of my crust (which is rare for me). We will definitely be back next time I'm in the area.
The best lattes I have ever tried!  \nI love the decor, it feels posh and upscale. The drinks and pastries are a little pricy, so I will not be as much of a regular customer as I would like to be.
If you like meat... ALOT of meat, then this is your place! My boyfriend loves smoked BBQ and we came here for lunch on a Saturday (they are closed on Sundays). Choice of 3 (about $25) came with 2 sides and there were so much food I think I had enough leftover for 4 more meals. Ribs were good, a little fatty on top (which I like). Pulled pork was the best, so well seasoned you don't really need sauce. The most disappointed item was the brisket - it was so lean and thus dry that it wasn't enjoyable to eat (but my dog definitely enjoyed it - so at least it didn't go to waste). I had the kicking collard greens; it was full of porky flavor and packed just enough of a kick. \nOverall it was a great lunch spot - and you know it's good by the constant line of customers. Remember, you are to line up, order, and receive your # before sitting down at a table. And yes, table spaces are of high demand and low supply. But it wasn't a bad wait for either food or table... be patience, good things come to those who wait!\n\nP.S. Don't forget to poke your head in next door to the meat shop - they have bacon by the slice for $4.99 a pound!
Yogurtini is AWESOME! My daughter wants to go here for any award\/celebration! The flavored are so fun and they change them periodically to keep things interesting! If you haven't tried it you NEED to.
I just had an amp and a sub and got tinted windows. I goo here because the owner Brandon and all the workers are very professional and always do a great job. I have gotten 3 cars tinted before and by far this one is the best no question. The also offer a lifetime warranty if it bubbles or even minor scratches they will fix. My sound system sounds great as well. I definitely recommend this place.
No, really, it gets 5 stars. \n1) warm, inviting, unpretentious cafe ambience\n2) Layers of flavor in the food. Gastro delight.\n3) Friendly staff (and not in that "I'm paid to talk to you, but I hate myself for this" way that some places offer).\n4) Location. In a revamped\/restyled area that has done it right with a place like this\n5) And , this one is important! They can make a cappuccino. (So many cafes pop up with no clue on how to brew.)\n\nYesterday I had an orange poppy seed muffin with a cappuccino. Poppy seed is by far my fave muffin and I always find lemon, which is great, but this orange added a rich sweet\/tangy twist. Baked on site. You can't beat that.\n\nToday I had the Kalifornia Benedict. The presentation was beautiful. It was stacked perfectly and layered nicely. I forgot to say "no bacon" so I had to pull it off myself which led to an under salted dish; but that was my fault! If you eat bacon, you'll love this dish.\n\nI could go on, but let's stop here until I visit again. I mean, I have to come back for the chilaquiles afterall...
Be prepared for really bad bathrooms. But their DJ is fun and the drinks are cheap. Be prepared the unexpected.
Smokes has really good poutine! The portions are quite large for $8 you can get the regular size. I would recommend going here for dinner instead of lunch unless you love falling asleep at work. I love how they have seasonal poutines like the Thanksgiving poutine or Breakfast Poutine! Their gravy is vegetarian! So it's a great place if you love Poutine and are Vegetarian! I usually order the Veggie Delixe with jalapeños and guacamole!! It's delish!!
SO glad to have a new groomer so close to home.  As soon as we walked in I was already impressed. It smelled good and was super clean, it had a welcoming vibe. I wish I could remember the name of the lady who talked to us, but she was so friendly and asked us lots of questions and gave her recommendation of how she would groom our dog. She knew what she was talking about!  A few hours later, Rocky was ready!  My husband picked him up and said Rocky was playing when he got there and not in a crate. I love that! Rocky is actually happy today, he usually has a day or 2 of acting weird after getting groomed. I can't say enough good things, I felt they actually cared about how Rocky was going to look\/feel, not like the other place that seemed like they were just trying to get as many grooms as possible.
The fishmongers are adorably snarky and always allow me to torture them with requests...trimming skin, deveining shrimp, etc. I have tried all kinds of fish and shell fish and have never been disappointed. They also have excellent lox and slice it fresh to order. If you're on a tight grocery budget you might be in trouble, but you definitely get what you pay for here!!
I visited yesterday 11\/15\/2011 and ordered the 10 wing combo with ranch dressing. I mixed the flavors so I had 5 hot and 5 lemon peppers with a side of extra hot. \n\nThe wings were among the best I have had in the Charlotte area and I consider myself a wing connoisseur. I think I've eaten wings at just about every wing place in Charlotte lol.  I especially enjoyed the lemon pepper wings and the extra hot sauce.\n\nThey also carry draft beer at a very reasonable price. \n\nI would have given it 5 stars but I did not like the idea of eating breadsticks with wings and being charged a dollar more for french fries.
I used the living social deal to get laser hair removal at Luminescence and my experience was amazing! I have done laser hair removal at other places and Luminescence blows them out of the water in every way. Tammy is very knowledgeable and friendly. I would highly recommend her services any day!
The casino is getting kind of old. But I had to visit the place that hosts WSOP.
I went here exactly 11 days ago!  I've read all the reviews and was so excited to finally take my FurBaby to get groomed!  When I went I asked them not to crate my dog and that I would bring her back when they were ready they said don't worry we're going to take her in now.  So I handed my baby over to the girl in the front I'm assuming bevs daughter!  She walked my baby in the back and said she'd be ready in 2 hours.  Let them know if they had an issues to call me I would be right there.  I asked for them to wash and de-shed her, ears, teeth and anal gland expressions.  \nI came back two hours later over joyed to see my baby!  First thing I'm told is that she did great in the Kennel  (I asked you not to put her in a kennel: due to previous trama before I took her) she jumped in with no hesitation.  I asked how everything went and they said great!  I noticed they had a bandana on her and painted her nails.  When we go home I start examining her and noticed that she doesn't looked washed!  When she gets washed she's extremely bright white but she still looked dingy!  Then as I'm examining her I notice that she has what looks to be a little Mohawk going down her back????  They shaved her hair and it was uneven!  But I never asked for a hair cut just a bath and Deshed.  She's a short haired dog and this can actually ruin her coat and possibly not grow back and cause her skin to become dried out.  Which it has!  Look at her teeth and those weren't brushed! I just take it as a lesson learned if you don't know anyone that has actually been here I wouldn't bring your dogs here!  So flash forward to why I'm writing MY DOG CAUGHT AN INFECTION IN HER ANAL GLANDS??! WHY???  THIS IS THE ONLY PLACE THAY TOUCHED HER! A COUPLE DAYS AFTER LANI WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE HAD HER ANAL GLAND EXPRESSED I NOTICED THAT SHE KEEPS LEANING TO ONE SIDE AND WHEN I EXAMINE HER,  HER GLANDS ARE SO SWOLLEN I HAVR YO RUSH HER TO THE HOSPITAL.  DR SAID THAT SHE WAS UNSURE OF WHAT THEY DID BUT SHE WAS SO BACKED UP AND HAD BLOOD AND PUSS AND THEN HER GLANDS RUPTURED!  \n\nPLEASE SINCE YOUR FUR BABIES CANT TALK STAY AND WATCH TO MAKE SURE SOMEONE THAY DOESN'T CAR FOR ANIMALS ISN'T WORKING ON YOUR BABIES!  I WILL NEVER GO BACK AND EVERYONE I COME INTO CONTACT WITH I WILL ADVISE TO STAY FAAAAAR AWAY!!  Here's a picture of what my baby had to go through so I can save another furbaby from the same faith.
As long as there's that $20 for $40 Yelp deal Pizza Natali will always be one of my favorite pizza spots. I might just have to stock up and buy a few more of this Yelp deal for a later time.\n\nFor 20 bucks, actually about 23 or 24 bucks with tax, I got 2 large 16" gourmet pizzas usually $19.99 each so totally worth it. They have some really delicious sounding gourmet pizzas on the menu.  I looked for something a little different from my usually 1 or 2 topping pizzas and went with the Tuscan Chicken and Natali's Special Pizzas. I already knew what kind of pizza I was expecting with the Natali's Special but the Tuscan Chicken Pizza really a surprise. It was so delicious that the box was completely empty before I even got my second slice of the Tuscan Chicken.  Even the Natali's Special box was almost empty. \n\nWatch me come back again this week I'm feeling Mediterranean Pizza and Spinach and Feta Pizza are next.\n\nThis is a family ran pizza shop, I came here for dinner and everyone was there I like seeing that. Also remember this is a small shop I'd suggest picking up if you come with a large group but if it's only a few dining in might be fine, they have a few tables inside and outside.
On a recent trip to Vietnam we tried to use our TD A\/C Aeroplan miles. What a disappointment. Blacked out time dates on hotels. Yet rooms available on hotel site. After 16 hr. flight home we landed at YVR in plenty of time to catch 6:30 flight instead of 11:30 PM to Victoria. Plenty of empty seats, yet $150 charge to switch tix. We were very tired so just paid it. Sorry, we're bearing a little hostility for A\/C at the moment and will look at any other airline in the future.
Got a nice ride for a great price! Mr. Ventura was incredibly helpful and kept all everything simple and easy as well as providing outstanding service.
This company services my Key Bank loans and this review is about my experiences with Great Lakes, not Key Bank. Key Bank can go poop in a sock and squeeze it!\n \nI've dealt with Great Lakes over the past 10 years and I've never really had an issue. When I call, they are beyond friendly and helpful (maybe it's a mid-west thing?) \nWhen I email, the requested information is provided in a timely manner, including a follow up to make sure it was done correctly (thank you, BS Shannon N.)\n\nThe only issue I've had, related to a "Key Bank policy" on co-signer release. I'm sure Great Lakes could have overridden this policy since my account was in good standing but money is money and everyone wants to keep their job so, whatever.\n\nLong story short kids, don't shoot the messenger and NEVER take out private student loans.
We ate here accidentally because we thought we were going to another restaurant that started with a "B" that was near Del Frisco's.  We decided to try it anyway, and were glad we did.  Nicole B had the escargot which I would not taste, and she said they were just ok.  The LUMP CRABCAKES had Black beans, Corn, Chorizo Sausage, cilantro and were good but not great.  The flavors just didn't mesh well with the crab.  We shared a THAI BEEF SALAD with Cucumber, Shitake mushrooms and Tomato with Thai Chili Vinaigrette that was out of this world fantastic!  The meat was rare and melted in our mouths.  I had PAN ROASTED DIVER SEA SCALLOPS Served with Peach Chipotle Vinaigrette and a Oven‐Dried Tomato, asparagus and Shitake mushroom risotto.  I am not a huge fan of risotto, but it was really good and the scallops were cooked perfectly.  Nicole B had a filet, also cooked perfectly with macaroni and cheese.  The mac and cheese was delicious, but nothing can compare to lobster mac at Del Frisco's! We did not make it to dessert even though we tried, the dessert cart looked heavenly! The service was wonderful, the waitress was friendly, fast, and efficient, and offered excellent suggestions.  Glad we stumbled upon Bernardin's!
We just moved nearby Q&M, and decided to give it a try, we were so happy we did! We have been back several times already! The BBQ was fantastic! The brisket and pulled pork sandwiches were the best I've had. They give you huge portions too! The mac n Cheese is great and so are the other sides- I have tried the cucumber salad, sweet potato casserole, fries, potato salad- they are all wonderful. I think the dish that really stood out to me was the Chicken and Waffles. It's something I've always wanted to try, and I'm glad I did. The fried chicken was crispy and delicious. The waffles were thick and fluffy, and all of it was topped with syrup. There was enough on my plate to feed a whole family! They have homemade sweet tea and lemonade. The prices are very reasonable. They also offer catering. The staff is very super friendly and I love the soul music they play in the dining room. It's not a huge place, but it's a great one! I'm glad Q&M is in my neighborhood!
We stopped by on a whim craving Asian food. This place was open so we gave it a shot. We ordered the orange chicken. It was served with rice and the greenest broccoli I've seen in a while. Food was delicious service was also great, prices were reasonable and bathrooms​ were clean.
Bad customer service by the Spanish girl in the front.  They are very rude here and they do not believe in customer service. The nurse their did not even know what the company mission statement was.  Terrible. ..
Great atmosphere. Great service. Good prices. Massages were very routine but not bad. Staff was very gracious, so that left a good feeling for me. I was hoping for a better massage on my feet, so for a foot spa, it left something to be desired. Giving 3 stars for the atmosphere and the friendliness of the staff.
Grew up on the West Coast, never had Cuban food, but my transplant friends from NY and Miami always went on about how they missed it. FFW to when I moved to DC, we found an excellent Cuban place and our attitude was "How had we not had this before!"\n\nWell, now, having moved to AZ, in the back of my head, I thought I had surrendered the opportunity to bite into the flat crust of a pressed Cubano, or get ropa viejo stuck in my teeth, or gaze upon what seems like miles of a perfectly golden, crispy breaded protein. Say it ain't so!\n\nEnter Cuban Foods and Bakery! We had the Bistec Uraguayo and the Bistec Encebollado, with a side of yucca and crispy plantains. The grilled steak and onions perfectly tender with the subtle spice and sweetness of the onions a well-matched compliment, the breaded pork steak with cheese and ham juicy, crunchy, gooey all at once. The Tostones, smashed fried plantains with garlic sauce, crispy like a potato chip, and the yucca flaky like a baked potato. Accompanied by Cristanos y Moros, presumably church-going white rice and mosque-attending black beans (though cooked in pork, not exactly the most devout of Muslim beans) all mixed together in perfect harmony - the world could maybe learn a bit from Cuban side dishes! \n\nThe tale of how we were happily reacquainted with an East Coast fave right off hwy 17 in Phoenix, Arizona - shout-out to Cuban Foods and Bakery!
So earl of sandwich was touted as some high and mighty sub shop, but I've gotta say, it was like walking into an express version of Quiznos with less options, and it was super duper slow and disorganized;\n\nThe bread was crap, the ingredients were crap, the sandwich was more like hurl than earl.\n\nLammmmme!
IM VERY UPSET!! I guess at this place to ask for things not to be thrown is just useless as they actually threw out my window controls of my BMW! They were loose and must have broke off or fell off when they were cleaning the inside yet they literally are GONE now! I had VALUABLE paperwork that I needed to take in today and that's gone too as unfortunately it had slid onto the floor from my passenger seat! They threw that out today too! Poured out a new barely drank Monster energy drink I had in my console too! Dirt all over car after they dried it too! TERRIBLE!!
We came here tonight for date night. Menu is reasonably vegetarian friendly when you dig through all the special cards and signs on the walls! Our faves were:\n\nAgedashi tofu\nCut vegetable roll\nGrilled street corn\nQuail egg skewers\nVeggie tempura\nMini honey toast\n\nThe tofu and veggie roll were real winners. Honey toast was delicious and also massive, not sure where the "mini" in the title comes from. Supersonic mega boom
Decent pricing, clean facility and food is good. The young lady at the front seated me right away. I turned in my order within 2 minutes as I was attended to right away. Great place
I used to come here all the time for contacts\/glasses all throughout high school and the beginning of college. Dr. Wang is excellent! His staff is also so sweet and very helpful. Unfortunately they don't take my new insurance so I have to find a new place :(
Absolutely worst McDonald around I went there and my tea was sour didn't get but 3 things I ordered when I got home they said nothing they could do about I hope the place shuts down. Don't recommend anyone to go
I'm a big fan of all things sugary and bready, so I LOVE LOVE LOVE Pink Box Doughnuts.  We stopped in for some to take on the road trip to the Grand Canyon....I ate 8 doughnuts in under an hour and spent the rest of the drive wishing we could go back and get more.  Yes, Pink Box will be the source of my diabetes a few years from now, but nobody lives forever!  The price is great for the quality and size of the doughnuts, and they always have something unique to try and samples on the counter.  The cronuts are awesome as well, anything whipped cream filled is delicious, and of course the Fat Elvis is a legend.  Go try some Pink Box, you will never go to Dunkin or Krispy Kreme again.
Must try the fried chicken (not greasy at all) and sauce (a combination of spicy, sour, sweet) that goes with the fried chicken!  And I like their side dishes.
Had a very good experience here. Seen quickly and never had to wait long for any part of the visit (check in, x-rays, seen by MD)  Dr. Winder went over x-rays and treatment options and answered all questions. Staff very friendly and efficient.
I was so happy to see an Italian cafe in a sea of frenchies. Since we're from NJ, Italian anything is my comfort zone. I ordered a tea and panettone and my husband had a cappuccino and a variety of pastries. Though the cannoli was made with whipped cream???? He seemed to enjoy it.\nThe bathroom was filthy and the barista ignored me when I was trying to place my order, so I'm only giving 4 stars.\nWe may return.
I never thought I'd eat salad, but somehow I was persuaded to check this place out... and well, I love this place! You walk in and grab a plate or two and start making your salad (or just scoop up some of the premade ones). I've been here twice and I always pick a premade salad. It's just so yummy! Once you have your salad, at the end of the line, you pay for your salad, and it's relatively cheap. Once seated in the cafeteria area, you can also pick up some soups ranging from clam chowder to chili depending on the day.
Just got home from a GREAT comedy show! James Thayer was the headliner and was hilarious. The owner was an amazing guy and personally went around after the show and introduced himself and thanked everyone for coming. Super stand up guy! If you are looking for a reasonable priced night out and want to laugh and have a great time I highly recommend!
What is the stupidest thing you could do on Christmas Eve?  Answer:  Go to Walmart.\n\nThat being said. I did this exact thing because I forgot to bring a jacket with me to Phoenix and for those of you who don't know, Phoenix does get chilly in the winter.\n\nIt was fricking crazy in here.  I don't think I have ever seen so many people at Walmart at one time.\n\nFortunately I found a light coat for only $8 bucks and we fortunately found a cashier with one person in line buying only a soda.\n\nWe were in and out in 5 minutes.  Shockingly!\n\nI like Walmart and this one, even though busy, was still organized and clean.  I still wish I had one close to home.
The customer service here was great!! Was in town for my boyfriends birthday and they made it extra special for him by sending up a card signed by all the staff AND a cheesecake with ice cream. I would stay here again in a heart beat just because of the friendliness alone. The hotel itself was very nice, clean and modern. No complaints here.
We started with them in February and pulled out in September.  Unfortunately we were buying a house so we could not make a change.  Dierdre depreciated 90% a piece of equipment in the FIRST year instead of spreading it across 5 years!  We sold equipment and she still shows us owning the equipment.  To date I have never received my quarterly payroll reports and after requesting them, I was told that I had to pay an additional $100 per company if I wanted them.  Per my contract with them, my quarterly reports are included at no additional charge.  I would not recommend them.  When you leave their firm, they want you to pay them $500 for YOUR INFORMATION THAT BELONGS TO YOU.  Go with a real CPA firm that will not hold your information hostage!
106 degrees in Scottsdale, AZ, on July 2nd, and my wife and I decided to take the food tour along with 10 other people.  You would  think that that wouldn't be very enjoyable but it actually was quite the contrary.  We met up with a our tour guide, Zach, at Civic Center, and started our journey.  Zach was a wealth of information, very personable, and he had a great sense of humor.  Along the way we got to meet some very interesting people from other states and countries, each with their own stories and tales to share.  All of the food - including olive oils and vinegars - were excellent and the beverages offered were the same.  We enjoyed ourselves and would highly recommend taking the tour.  Whether you're from Arizona, or vacationing from somewhere else, do your self a favor and sign up for the tour.\nHappy trails
Beware of their scare tactics.  I had about 20 bees around my porch and spoke with Rick.  I asked him if I should get this addressed now or should I wait a day to see if they go away.  He convinced me that waiting was not a good idea.  They get your credit card info then tell you the cancellation fee is $275.00, but Rick said, "No one ever cancels".  The Tech came out in an hour, but by then all but a few bees were around.  So, these were scout bees that I saw.  I spoke with Tom, the owner.  He will talk down to you and try to convince you it is best to treat the area they were flying around, even though there is a high likelihood the bees would not come back.   He said it is their policy to not recommend to wait if the customer sees more than two bees.  Sounds like an excuse to get the $275 out of your pocket and in to his.   Tom will not cut you a deal and will charge you the $275.00 regardless, if anything is done.  I don't know how they can treat customers this way and expect any repeat customers.  I learned my lesson.  If you get bees, wait at least a day before calling anyone, and I wouldn't call this company.  I feel like I just paid for extra under coating on my car.  I was the sucker born every minute yesterday.
The chickens was ok. The sauces are good. The place is way overpriced for fast food. $14 for 10 tiny pieces of tenders is ridiculous.
I come here at least once a week. Delicious food with very quick service. Great for take outs too. I highly recommend this place.
I had given this bad a bad review on another site, and decided to give it another try.  I wasn't wrong.  The burgers are so greasy it's disgusting.  They say the meat is seasoned, but it's bland and flavorless.  The fries are really greasy as well.  Twice is more than enough for me... Really once was, but i was trying to be fair and regretted it.\n\nCreate (burger place a few blocks east) is so good, i don't see how this place has a chance.
The long awaited DT Summerlin is finally here! Some of my all time favorite shops include Sephora, BCBG Max Azria, Sur La Table, Lush, Lululemon and Ethan Allen! The decor is absolutely stunning, has a very California-like atmosphere. There are a few beautiful scenic areas as well that have waterfalls, Painted Wings for photo opps, and beautiful hand laid brick. The restaurant row is nothing short of breath taking as well. Some of the resteraunts include Wolf Gang Puck Bar and Grill (opening at the end of October) Crave, California Pizza Kitchen, Andiron Steak and Sea (Same owners as Honey Salt and Made LV) Grape Street, and Earl of Sandwich. \nDowntown Summerlin is truly the new Summerlin hotspot. I really believe this has brought so much to our community and will continue to grow. I havent been to the movie theaters yet but ive heard they're amazing, Luxury type of theaters!
The bad:  The decor inside was more like an "upscale" dennys.  The prices overall, and for a hotel like the palms, are too high.  Waiter and staff all seemed like they did not want to be there.   \n\nThe good:   High quality tomohawk steak....but the sauce\/Demi glaze it came with was a total mismatch.\n\nMuch better places on to the Strip....and off!
I come for the fries. Some of the best pub style fries in Charlotte. Different hummus every day. Generous portions. WiFi is password protected but they'll happily give you the current password at the register.
My wife and I met a friend and his wife for dinner here. He had recommended it based of someone from work. It was definately worth the drive out here. Usually I am not going to spend an hour on the road to get somewhere unless its worth my while (Like bobby flay as a guest chef or something) We settled on this place because it was rather equal distance for both myself and my friend from the east valley to meet up. We were all pleasantly surprised how good this place was. This has pretty much become our  meeting place now every few months to catch up, eat, drink and be merry...
Oh my goodness, I wish there were more stars to give.  Six?  Seven?  Does this mean I have to knock some stars off my other yarn store reviews?  Maybe.  Just maybe.\n\nKnit Happens just "happens" (eek) to be the most gorgeous yarn store I have seen in... well, maybe ever.  It is the most spacious, shopable, and beautifully laid-out store I have been to in the Valley.  Upon entering, a zen-like calm descended and I felt immediately I would be coming here again... and again...\n\nI was worried because I had a hard time getting them on the phone.  I kept getting a FAX machine, then a message, then a FAX machine again and I was concerned they weren't really open.  When I finally got to speak to someone in person, I was a little more concerned because the woman seemed a little confused by my book request.  But then, they've been open less than a month and I was looking for a particular book... but they had it and put it on hold for me.  \n\nI had already decided I would come again, if ONLY for the covered parking.  Much appreciated in the first week of September in Phoenix.  That it was simple to get a stroller in there was another plus.  But the toys for my three-year-old!?   A lot of craft stores have a handy bucket of old, cruddy toys that are at least 'new' to your little ones, but this was a SPREAD.  Kid-sized table and chairs, coloring books, blocks, legos, hobby horse, a huge bucket of dinosaurs of all kinds, etc.  Yeah, I'll be back.  I can't get my kid to leave!\n\nBut I came for the yarn.  And yarn they have.  Not a crappy, acrylic brand in sight.  GORGEOUS stuff.  They have TONS of Debbie Bliss yarn and patterns, all the Sublime books and yarn, a lot of Tahki, the new Teva Durham yarns, a great Mission Falls selection.  Some great recycled yarns I am not familiar with... I could go on and on.  This is high-end, fashion-forward, beautiful stock - the only store that comes close to this kind of yarn in the (NORTH) Valley, in my opinion, is Jessica Knits, which is just so damn far away...\n\nI am a yarn geek, in that I like to surf the web and find new yarns, and I love to be surprised at a yarn store, which I certainly was here.  I had a hard time committing to a project, there were so many beautiful yarn choices, and fantastic pattern books, too.  Staff was FANTASTIC: friendly, not horrified by my kids, so accommodating and not overbearing as some other stores.  5 stars for them, too.\n\nThe store, as I said, is very spacious.  A huge kitchen and staff room in back with the kids' play area.  The main store area, beautifully laid out, easy to see the yarn, as I said, very shopable.  There is also a HUGE project table, very cool, that sits probably 8 or 10 people.  Every seat has a sort of cubby (an indentation in the table) that will either hold your ball of yarn, or your drink so it doesn't spill on your work.  There is a room behind the project table with chairs, couch, big screen TV and pattern books and magazines.  You can cozy up, watch the food channel, browse books or stick your non-knitting friend\/husband\/carpool there to enjoy him or herself.\n\nYou've got to go to Knit Happens.  I think it is SUPERIOR to many Valley stores - only Jessica Knits is in this league.  If you want current, high-quality yarns, fashion-forward project ideas with fantastic service, go to Knit Happens.  The staff said there are tons more new yarns coming in every day.  Can't wait to go back.
We visited on a Tuesday evening at 7:00 PM, as part of a large party of around 20 people, more or less.\n\nFirst, parking (on a weekday). Street parking in close vicinity of the restaurant is $2.25 per hour until 9:00 PM. It looks like parking is free after 9:00 PM.\n\nSecond, the food. We ordered: a) the chimichurri chicken pizza at $16, b) the fish tacos (appetizer size, which is 3 tacos) at $13, and one Pepsi. The food came quickly, and was, to my surprise, delicious. The fish tacos were surprisingly not slathered in batter, and were perfectly light and flavourful - you could actually taste the fish (hence, being fish tacos, after all). We also had a taste of the dirty fries, which were perfectly crispy - but, if I had one complaint, it could have used more sauce (parts of the platter were all dry fry, with very little topping). For two people, our total, with the automatic large-party gratuity, was $41.72.\n\nLastly, the service. For a group our size, I'm surprised at how pleasant the service was. Our server was gracious, friendly, and attentive for most of our meal. While the wait for our bills was a little long, I still have to commend the above-average service for a group our size.\n\nOverall,  a good experience. And if you're looking for a spot to host a larger group for a birthday or special occasion,  this spot could very well be an option for you!
Superservice bei Fischgerichten, umfassende Beratung, Kinder können ihr Essen selber zusammenstellen ( portionsgerecht ). Außenterrasse ist der Treffpunkt für alle, sobald es etwas wärmer ist, ausgezeichneter Espresso. Die neue Inhaberin und Chefköchin ist ein echter Gewinn für den Ochsentrog und für Böblingen.
i was able to get a quote, schedule service and even pay all through yelp\/e-mail, which is extremely important to someone that is as busy as myself!  and dave's crew did a great job cleaning up my front yard!
Discovered Munch this week. Looking for a healthy dinner. Found it here. Owner was very accommodating and very friendly. He offered a taste of anything we wanted before we ordered. We got 2 cups of soup; a gazpacho and onion. Both really delish. Came with side of homemade pita chips. We also got the turkey sandwich and tuna. And both were very good and filling. They roast the turkey's in house. So it's not just lunch meat. \n\nWe would definitely go back. Great experience friendly service and delicious homemade food. Plus, I love to go to the little mom and pop places to support the local small business. This fits that and has great food. Sold!
The place was great. Good food. Cute decor. Our server was really great. Lots of fun.
I dislike giving salty reviews, but my experience here was not as relaxing as I had hoped. \n\nA colleague gifted two gift cards to me for a 45 minute session in the Salt Room, and I've been meaning to check it our ever since. I've heard great things about this place, and I was long overdue for some de-stressing. I made my appointment in advance, which I would recommend doing so since special sessions are often held in the rooms. \n\nI guess I was envisioning a relaxing, spa-like atmosphere upon arrival, but the entire reception area was cluttered with salt rocks and handmade jewelry for sale. My boyfriend and I had to fill out a form prior to entering the salt room. We were asked to provide personal information (address, phone number, medical history, emergency contact) that I felt like only my doctor should know. There's also a disclaimer about how you may experience coughing during sessions due to the salt cleansing your body of impurities or whatever. \n\nAfter paperwork, we were led to the salt room where we laid on reclining chairs. Two other people were also in the room with us, which I thought was awkward. Once the doors were closed, the Enyaesque music began, followed by a loud, muffled rumbling sound in the distance that lasted almost the entire duration of our session. The speakers were also making strange sounds as well. Both my boyfriend and weren't affected by the salt, but the others in the room were coughing like crazy. When the session ended, one of the ladies from the front desk opened the door to tell us it was over.\n\nTo me, my experience was over when I saw a shirtless man wearing cargo shorts and a black necktie with marijuana leaves enter the shop --  I can't make that up, folks. \n\nIMO, this place doesn't live up to the hype.
Really happy with the work done by these guys. Always courteous, timely and knowledgeable. They do the work promised and mention potential future issues but without any pressure.
My name is Tony, and I'm a Coalaholic.  Let me start by saying I grew up on Pizza Hut.  Not particularly by choice, but my mom worked there and irresponsibly (love ya mom!) brought home those lovely grease filled, cheese and meat covered circles of dough to my family nearly every other day.   Anytime I was hungry, Pizza Hut pizza was waiting for me in the fridge and I developed a dependency to my pan pizza friends.  Fast forward 20 something years and Pizza Hut was still my pie of choice over Dominos, Papa John's, etc.  I dug Metro Pizza, CPK, and others, but not until I had Grimaldi's did the wool finally get pulled from my eyes.\n\n(begin food review)\n\nOH THE CRUST!   I'd never had authentic NY pizza prior to Grimaldis (I'm sure there's some New Yorker reading this right now shaking their head due to their belief of what real NY Pizza is.   To them I say:  no one cares).   Once you go coal blackened, you never go back.   Every pizza I've had since has paled in comparison (here's looking at you Settebello).   I like every type of pizza you can get here.  The Regular with some Pepperoni is simple and delicious.  The White with Garlic and Anchovies.  The Pesto.  no, THE PESTO.  My absolute favorite.  Pesto with Pepperoni and Meatball with some jalapenos on the side.  Absolute perfection.   I typically eat the Eastern location which I find the most consistently good, though I did try the Fashion Show one a few nights ago and found it just as good on that one visit.  Ingredients tasted fresh, crust was that perfect nearly chewy texture.  Several calories were devoured that night.\n\nOne other shout out: the bartender that was working that night was fantastic.  I sat at the bar for about half an hour waiting for a friend and he made one of the best double jack and cokes I'd had in a while.  I had several throughout the night (note to reader: this may or may not have influenced my food review).   I dont remember his name, but the next time you're in the Fashion Show and need a buzz before you get lost in the 20 floors of Forever 21, swing by Grimaldis with $10.50.
The Container Park is nothing like anything I have ever seen. The concept of building stores out of shipping containers mixed with the vibrant colors, elaborate children's playground, and stage with a lawn make for a great combination. \n\nIf I have extra time downtown, this is always where I hang out, especially at night. If I had kids, this is definitely a spot I would take them. It almost feels like a little urban oasis. \n\nMy issue with the Container Park is the number of stores, the store hours, and the price ranges of the stores. While each store seems to be very unique, there do not seem to be enough stores. You can easily blow through them all in twenty minutes. The stores also close before the park, so if you come at night, don't expect to be browsing for anything. The stores also seem to have very high prices. Even the candy, ice cream, and food are overpriced. \n\nThe first time I came here, I made a special trip for it, but that was a bit of a mistake. I should have waited until I was in the area with more things to do.
Has anyone in this place ever eaten Mexican food?  I get that your customers are mainly white people, but I'm sure they would love the real thing.  The waitress was really nice.
I've been to Six Penn many times. My latest visit was when I last went to the opera with MOB (mother of boy) and we dined at Six Penn before the show. \n\nWe were seated promptly, but then a waiter didn't appear for at least fifteen minutes. The restaurant (Around 6:30) was packed and incredibly noisy. I couldn't hear a word MOB said during the entire meal. The upstairs dining area is much better regarding noise. \n\nAfter we were served our aperitifs, we waited another fifteen minutes for the waiter to take our food orders. Thank goodness I made an early dinner reservation! MOB had the pizza and I had the lamb bolognese. Both were tasty, although the bolognese could have used a bit more flavor. Servings are very generous. \n\nGo to Six Penn on a nice weekday evening or a weekend afternoon. That way you can hear the people you are dining with! The rooftop area is a fun place to have a few drinks as well. I just wish the food menu had a bit more to offer.
Great place, they offer thai tea for check in yelp people ! The price is so so but compare to what you get from the quality of food is in the middle 4 dishes = 54$ tip 10 grand total 64 so for some people may be reasonable for some people might be expensive depend on perspective ( ** my father in law try their thai ice tea he got diarrhea :(  at least they should ask for lactose tolerate people
Depending on where you live, it's a nice mall to visit. Since it's outside, it does get hot especially during the summer time. \n\nThey have a variety of food services to restaurants and food joints like Shake Shack and Crazy Pita. I love their Ice Cream shop called CREAM, which offers various flavors for Cookie Ice Cream Sandwiches.\n\nThe shopping stores are nice, but if you're a collector of Funko Dolls, there is a huge selection of them at the Toy box store. They might have a specific Funko doll you're looking for. Highly recommend to visit~
Merry-Ann's Diner is a truck stop style 24 hour breakfast diner. Unfortunately, Merry-Ann's is not very good. I can't recommend it.\n\nMerry-Ann's menu, decor and layout, and overall look and feel, are identical to that of a Waffle House franchise. I suspect that this diner was designed to duplicate the successful Waffle House model. \n\nAll of the menu items, from the coffee, eggs, and omelets down to toast and sweet rolls, are poor, although some items are a notch better, namely mediocre. \n\nService is roughly comparable to that of other Waffle House stores. Ditto for the decor, and, in fact, the actual floor layout.\n\nPrices are low in absolute terms but they are somewhat high for the types of menu selections offered, quality aside. (And the quality delivered is mostly poor.)\n\nBefore the Hilton-Garden Inn took over the property across the street, there was a well-regarded breakfast restaurant, almost a Champaign institution, attached to the property. The Hilton razed the restaurant as part of its renovation. Too bad. The Merry-Ann Diner is not suitable for breakfast at any time of day.
went to see Steve Aoki, the bodyguards were being very rude. When I went in it was Hot and way too crowded (glad there wasn't any fires because this is a huge safety hazard, no place to move around.) By the time 2:00am hit Steve Aoki was barely coming out. There were people standing on the tables in front of us so we couldnt see anything. The drinks were wayyy overpriced. We bought our tickets online and still waited more than 2 hours. Club is overrated in my opinion. I will not be coming in again.
Made a reservation three weeks before dining here and requested a table with a view of the Bellagio fountain.  We came 15 minutes early and we're seated away from the window.   I noticed an open table next to the window and requested to be moved there.  The hostess informed us that the table was not ready and that it was already reserved.   Really?  Sure... Bad start to the evening. ..
Waited 35 minutes in an empty restaurant. Poor, rude service. The chicken tasted rubbery and microwaved.
the 5 stars is subjective - this is the best sushi I've had within about a 6 hour drive.\n\nthe chef and staff are very, very friendly, and the establishment is very comfortable.
Rom was on time, neatly dressed & very professional! He was able to provide me with same day service! He was quick to diagnose the problem with my refrigerator & his prices are reasonable! I would highly recommend Absolute Appliance Services for any appliance repair!
Fortunately after having read the reviews in Yelp about the Paul Mitchell School I knew I'd be in the chair for quite some time, but that was fine by me since it was well worth it for the experience and the great haircut I got today.  You can't beat $15 for shampoo, conditioner, scalp massage, haircut, styling product and blow dry.  I mean, come on!!  Lexus, my stylist, was having her first day on the floor and even though nervous she did great.  The instructor (and I'm so sorry I didn't catch her name) was so good with showing Lexus how to do the cut and cheering her on.  Her personality and patience were very good.  The music is loud and there are so many students and instructors running around it sure makes for high energy!  It's the perfect place for me and my pickiness as far as my haircuts go and I can't wait to return and have Lexus do my color too!
Excellent lunch and attentive service.  The menu is much more varied than it used to be and there is now something for everyone.  Prices are fair and it is a place I plan to visit regularly.
NoRTH solidified and provided affirmation to my opinion of Fox Restaurant Concepts as a whole.  This one is on par with the product they produce, and I will say that they do their thing well.  You know to expect a cool place; well decorated, creatively put together, very trendy, hip design and atmosphere.  Casual enough that you can go in and relax, but edgy enough that the yuppies and trendy socialites will like to be seen.  The food is good, but never memorable "I need to go bag and have that ___" good.  The ingredients are fresh and the meals are well prepared and creatively crafted, however, that's what you should get, for the price.  \n\nNoRTH is no exception to any of these predispositions.  The staff is good looking in their plaid attire to convey the casual-ness, and we were promptly greeted (and thanked on the way out).  After about a 10 minute wait we were seated at one of the high top tables in the bar area, which gave a nice vantage point to see the neat array of material used in construction.  The place is well staffed, service was as it should be, and everything was completed in a timely manner.  So lets start with drinks, shall we?\n\nThe wine list is a bit confusing, because many of the varieties aren't common nomenclature.  Maybe I'm wine ignorant, but to me, it seems as if it would have been more helpful to give a description of each, or at least order them from lightest to fullest body...anything to give you a clue as to what was what.   Looking to appetizers next, more menu questions arise.  There are some items on the front page that should be ordered a la carte, I guess? to assemble an antipasti board of sorts, but then there are full blown apps on the inside of the first page.  A bit confusing as to what is what.  We simply wanted some bread to go with our Italian fare, and since it wasn't included, we ordered the baked olive oil bread from the front page.  It was good, but neither the two of us or our server were sure that we were going to receive what we were seeking.  \n\nThe dinner menu has some creative and fresh takes mixed with old standards, as you would expect from the fox brand.  A few more questions on what was what, and we had our decisions.  I embarked on the chicken wrapped in prosciutto, and my lady half took on the shrimp pasta dish.  Both came out in a reasonable amount of time, and were presented very well.  The food was good, nicely put together, and creative enough that you felt you weren't eating somewhere else.  The pasta dish she had was very unique, in a red sauce that was minty at first, spicy, then finishing in a basil-y sweetness.  The verdict is still out but it was a cool dish, and my girlfriend enjoyed it.  The prosciutto wrapped chicken was very nicely crafted on a bed of sauteed spinach with some fingerling potatoes that were delicious.  The chicken was prepared properly, although I thought I would have been maybe a little more moist considering it was wrapped in ham and so salty...I was expecting a brine effect of moisture.  Either way, both meals were good, but then again, it seems like they should be at $17 each.  Neither will leave me with the overwhelming urge to go back anytime soon, but I wasn't dissatisfied either.  \n\nTo make it a true date night we finished it off with the nutella cake and vanilla gelato thing.  It was very decadent, the nutella cake portion was flour-less so almost like a mouse, topped with the cold and creamy gelato and chocolate covered espresso beans.  There was a nice contrast between the flavors, textures, and even the temperatures of the warm cake and the cool gelato.  This would serve as the highlight in my opinion.\n\nSo all in all, NoRTH to me is like every other fox restaurant, it's cool, good, consistent, maybe a little overpriced for food that is slightly casual, but it's good enough that they get away with it, and you realize you are paying for the ambiance and experience too.  It's another one of those places I know I can get a good meal, but leaves you searching for more if you like those rare finds that provide you with culinary perfection at the same price, or the complete package for slightly more.  \n\n3-stars is completely appropriate.  It's good, good enough that we will probably end up there again, but not good enough that you can't wait for that time to come.  Nothing really blows you away in terms for food, service, quality, ambiance, or any other intrinsic for that matters, so I'm not sure it would deserve any more stars, it's a solid "good".
We always stay at Paris hotel and this is just a convenient place to get something without sitting in. The food is great but the service is beyond horrible from the cooks. The cashiers are friendly and nice and fast, but then they put the orders in and it goes to the cooks it's another story! The cooks are rude and very slow. It's like they hate their jobs and don't want to be there helping others in a hotel in Vegas that lives on hospitality.
awful service. the guy always find excuses to prevent you from paying by credit card. food quality is nowhere near satisfactory
Loved the food portions. Just make sure to come when hungry. Prices were very reasonable and service was great. Every time I requested something, the waiter was quick and happy to fetch!
The hype is justified. This. Is. Coffee.
I love subway restaurants but this one had to be one of the worst I have ever been in. Maxwell was are worker, and he was incredibly rude. Not only did he make us wait for him to make the bread when we were the only ones inside, he also didn't ask of if we wanted our sandwiches toasted but preceded to anyways. He also refused to put extra cheese on our sandwiches. Then when the sandwiches came out of the toaster oven, the cheese had slide off and he didn't do anything about it, all the vegetables were old and lettuce browning, they didn't have a lot of the sauces. The worker was extremely rude the entire time, and not just to me but everyone that came in.You would figure in Las Vegas where there are always a lot of people coming in the subway would try to hire better employees and keep the ingredients fresh.
$18 for a strawberry rhubarb martini???? It is hard to complain about the price when they are oh-soooo delicious.  Luckily I am a vegetarian so I drank my steak budget.  I will make my way back to this spot for their martinis and mashed potatoes.
This was a fun place for all family members! It has activities for all ages. We had so much fun for 2 hours. Nought our passes off groupon. Loved it. We will be back.
I haven't been overly impressed with Cameo.  Overall, I would describe the place as fine, hence the 3 stars.\n\nThe pros:\n-they offer a variety of price ranges for haircuts\n-the facility is nice, especially if you are getting a spa service\n-free bang trims if you are a regular customer\n-no hard sell on products\n-massages were usually average or above\n\nThe cons:\n-haircuts are more like average or below, whether I pay $35 or $65\n-service is a little pretentious\n-closed on Sunday
Great job as usual. This time of year scorpions are a problem and bulwark continually makes sure our home is protected.
I know why people come here...it's because they want soup and they're staying at Encore or Wynn.  The soup here is terrible!  No flavor what so ever and service isn't all that great either.  When they are busy, they completely aren't attentive at all.  We had to asked 2-3 times to get our waiter, I don't understand why the other employee there didn't want to help us.  She said your waiter, will be right there.  It was the same way for our bill.  Took forever.  We avoid coming here for hungover food with our friends.  Pricey for something that isn't so great...is definitely a no thank you after 3 tries!  The food isn't consistent at all.  Dislike places that can't cook and just add spicy or sweeter to the broth.\n\nConvenience won't make me think it is better.  Rather drive or cab it to a better place.
SHAME ON ME for not reading the reviews first, as stated by other reviews its a long process, when we pulled up there were 2 cars ahead of me, after 15 min. we made it to the vacuum.\nNow I went for the middle of the road $19.95 wash with the rain protection (another 5 min for the wash). Now they park my vehicle in the sun because the car port is full of vehicles and only 4 people to dry. \nBy the time my vehicle is done it was worse off than when I started, now one big water spot and dirty rag wipe marks all over.\nFOR WHAT It's worth driving a little longer to the other car wash is so worth it,you leave with a clean vehicle\n.\nCustomer satisfaction is not this company's goal..  \n\nMoral of the story, Read the REVIEWS FIRST and don't go to Superstar Car Wash
Had a small luncheon with friends.  Enjoyed their creamed spinach and Brussels sprouts.  Service was great and would recommend to others.  Looking forward to returning soon.
This is the smallest restaurant I have ever been to or seen.  Despite that, the Malabar Parotta (similar to a Naan bread), was as good as it gets. However, the rest was not very good.  I had an Onion Chilly Uthappam Rice & Lentil Pancake.  It was dark and nearly burned.  I contemplated sending it back but, I didn't want to risk pissing off anyone.  The over-cooking made it dry and flavorless.  $10 of disappointment.  Husband tried it and felt the same way about it.  Aside from the food, the people were friendly and pleasant.  They use paper plates and plastic cutlery so trying to cut the pancake with a plastic knife was a challenge, almost impossible.  The place is set up like a fast food restaurant.  There is a garbage by the door.  You are expected to remove your own dirty dishes and toss them on your way out.  We will probably go again (I loved the bread) but, next time, I'll just tell them not to over cook the food.  Actually, I think it was grilled.  There was no excuse for burning it - so dark brown and dry.  I was short of charcoal but, really!  There were only two other people in the restaurant, that had already been served, at one table.  So where was his attention?  It could not have been that he had too many customers to handle.  He had none.  Mid way through our meal, more people arrived.  Husband liked his curried vegetable dish well enough.  I tasted it.  It was okay but, I cannot say that it was anything special.
Great breakfast in a beautiful area of old town. Their coffee bar is very nice, service was spot on, and the corned beef hash tasted just like my dad used to make it! The chef was walking through the restaurant frequently to talk to patrons. \n\nI can't wait to go back.
I had been eyeing this truck the last few times I had been to Walnut Wednesday. There are now 5 or 6 taco trucks that frequent this event and the scene really needed something new. From the moment I saw this truck I thought, that is a damn good idea. I also noticed that there is never a line and usually no one is waiting. I was able to walk right up and give my order, which should have been a red flag. \n\nI am not sure they really pulled it off. I am a huge fan of Asian food and I wish there were more trucks geared towards that cuisine. The ingredients seemed fresh, the staff was friendly and they take credit cards. Still blows my mind that there are food trucks that don't take cards. \n\nI ordered the rice bowl at the recommendation of the person who took my order. I ordered the caramelized pork, but I am pretty sure I got beef.. Which looked like ground beef. Not that it would have mattered, you could not really taste it. The rice bowl comes with a slaw, rice, cucumber the meat and basically BBQ sauce mixed with Sriracha. This was served in a small little container, like the ones you get a hot dog in at the fair. I was a little shocked that this was $9. The serving size was definitely inferior to that of the other trucks in the area. \n\nI felt that the price was way off base for the quantity\/quality of food you receive. You need to either increase the portion size or lower your price to around $5. Also, I think the name is rather deceiving. When I think of Wok food, I picture strips of beef, noodles, baby corn (what ever genetic mutation that stuff is), peppers, some bean sprouts or perhaps even broccoli. This had none of that. \n\nProbably would not return to this truck. It was not terrible, it just missed the mark. It has huge potential, but currently it is mediocre at best.
I like Venezia's for lunch, the slices are huge the wings are some of the best, and you don't have to spend a lot!!   If you like NY style pizza your will enjoy Venezia's.
I called my agent and when I discovered water leaking from my attic, and they gave some amazing advice! I wasn't directed to the claims department, instead they suggested I call Paul's restoration and carpet. Who offered to come out the same day to investigate the damage. Rachel with state farm told me to get an estimate from them, and if the work was less then my deductable not to file a claim and lose my claim free discount. I'm so grateful that they helped take care of my problem right away and cared enough to do what was best for me,  not just direct me to file a claim when the fix was less expensive then my deductable, saving me money!  This office had been nothing but amazing and helpful always answering my questions.
Hands down one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Nothing truly special about it but omg the flavor...cue Homer drool\nWould not object to eating here all weekend
This artisan style shop makes craft cocktails in the form gelato. The genius 'mixologists' regularly introduce new flavors inspired by local ingredients. A perfect treat to enjoy while exploring the strip and downtown on a Las Vegas summer day.
I've been here twice and I've never had a bad time. Everything is so good that it's hard to pick. Their baked goat cheese dip appetizer is rich, creamy and absolutely a must have. I've tried the steak, the chicken and salmon superfood. \n\nThe steak I ordered medium rare seemed like a little small or a portion but is actually really filling probably about 10 oz.\n\nThe chicken was a huge serving. Usually I'm a bit hesitant to get roasted chicken because it can be a bit dry but not this place! Incredibly flavorful, moist on the inside and really crispy skin. \n\nThe salmon superfood was really well done and not fishy at all. I especially enjoyed the quinoa pairing. But that might just be because I love quinoa
Just got my nails done by Tiffany lets just say I'm obsessed with how amazing she is best gel manicure ever. I highly recommend her.
Walked to this theater from the North LV premium outlet.  Took 10 minutes but the area is sketchy.  I'd recommend taking a lyft\/uber.  Anyhow, I was excited about this place because I love watching movies with the luxury loungers, especially if I'm on vacation.  We were greeted at the door and printing out our preordered tickets on the ticket machine was painless.  Just make sure you have the res code.  Walked to the second floor and was immediately greeted and brought to our theater\/seats.  The host\/waitress gave us a little tour of our seats and how to use the call button if we needed to order anything.  I ordered the S and P fries and the life is beautiful drink.  I also saw that they had a free check in sangria on yelp so we did that.  I had no idea it was a BOGO sangria special (should have read it carefully when I clicked it on yelp) but it was ok (although we had too many drinks).  Ordered two iced waters (free).  It was a very enjoyable experience.  Fries and drinks came fairly quickly.  (We did watch the move at 11:45am on a Sunday so there weren't many people there).  This was a pretty pricey theater.  I would save it for a movie that I really want to watch.
We came here based on the high rating and volume of reviews.  After the experience, I now understand that people are probably more excited about the low price tag; rather than a truly authentic and delicious food experience.\n\nFirst off, the service here was just terrible.  We were seated and it took about 10 minutes for anyone to notice we were even there.  Which is usually fine if you're having nice conversation with your date, but in this situation we were hungry and we needed our Shahi paneer fix, and we needed it NOW.  Once we got our water, it took another 5 minutes for the person to come back and take our order.  I remember longingly staring off into the distance, awaiting the return of our server, eyeing the other clients and noting the status of their orders.  And then, I sadly noted others (larger groups) who came in after us get their food first.\n\nOk, what is the big deal you ask? Fine. Maybe the food is so great that it's worth the bad service.  I've been to some hole in the wall dive bar restaurants with food so good it knocked my socks off.  \n\nBut it wasn't.  Now, before I get all critical about the food, I thought I should mention that hubby and I are seasoned Indian food consumers.  Him being of Indian decent and also regularly frequenting top rated Indian restaurants in Vancouver, Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal.\n\nAfter all the anticipation, the food finally arrived. All I recall are mine and hubby's eyes slowly meeting over the Shahi paneer dish with the same odd expression and look of confusion on our faces.  We were both thinking the same thing:  Why does the paneer dish look like scrambled mucous? Where did the traditional paneer cubes in creamy sauce go?  What caused them to meet such a blended fate?  I hesitatingly poked around at the puddle, hoping hubby would be brave enough to try it first.  Luckily, my vegetarian thali was up next, so I would get to eat solid food instead of the paneer mush hubby was newly fated with.\n\nThe thali was forgettable, not unlike the unforgettable mush Paneer.  \n\nLow price tag or not, it didn't satisfy our Indian food fix and we likely won't return.
You can eat healthy for a great price, No chemicals ,MSG, or fried crap.
Ok, to start off, the other two reviews for this hotel are actually for the Intercontinental on Front Street (located by the CN Tower), so I'm technically the first to review THIS specific hotel...silly tourists.\n\nI booked my reservations through Hotwire, and if you're booking a hotel through Hotwire (in Toronto) and get a listing for a 4 1\/2 star hotel, there is only one in this city.  If you don't know what I'm driving at here, please go in the corner and fall on a dull sword.  ;-)\n\nThis hotel is located just west of Avenue Rd., on the north side of Bloor.  It's directly across the street from the Royal Ontario Museum.\n\nThe rooms are very nice, the staff is very friendly and professional, and the hotel is located within walking distance of Yorkville and all the shopping you could want.\n\nThe hotel bar is a vodka bar called Proof.  It is pricey, but very nice and not so busy that I couldn't sit in there with my daughter and have a few drinks after long days at the museum or about town.  The food was good, and also cleverly disguised.  For example, there were BarBQ Chicken Drummettes (5) for $15 and a Trio of Mini-Burgers (Chicken, Lamb & Beef) for $18.  I joked as I ordered them that I've never paid $33 for a burger and wings, but hey, after three martinis, I didn't feel like walking to McDonalds!\n\nI would most definitely recommend this hotel...especially if booking through Hotwire which doesn't allow you to book by hotel name, but then there's always that 4 1\/2 Star thing.
This place is awesome! Their crepes are so delicious! I just wish this place wasn't so far otherwise I would be coming here every day. As far as drinks go, I tried their Taro boba and it was a bit "grainy" I'm not sure how else to describe it. I'm sticking to Thai Tea. Other than that, you must try their crepes! Yummy!
We went here on a Saturday afternoon while hanging out downtown. Staff was friendly and attentive, but the food was a little lacking. Noodles were tasty but beef was chewy and not high quality. For a $15 bowl of noodles, I'd expect better quality meat. Great stop for a quick bowl of noodles to keep you full while you're partying nonstop in Vegas but not as good as it could have been.
Elizabeth is amazing!\nThank you for always be so accommodating to get us in and through when you check for those little buggers.
We started going to Bloorcourt after being disappointed with Dundas West Animal Hospital and then Fraser-MacDonald (the latter kept mixing up the files of our cats and even after us pointing this out, they left messages that our deceased cat needed a check up, when they obviously they meant the other cat.) And we're so happy we changed. Our cat has had to stay at Bloorcourt on IV for a couple of days, during which time we've dealt with 3 different vets, all who have all been so helpful, kind and knowledgeable. And the receptionists are great too and obviously really love the animals brought in. Amazing all around.
Awesome service. Old school video games and fair prices. Who doesn't love this place?
Took an interviewee here for a business dinner tonight. Service was excellent; food subpar. We ladies had the bass and my hubs had the pasta. We had crispy artichokes and an orange beet salad to start. The artichokes were unimpressively prepared and the salad was so soaked in dressing that we couldn't enjoy the flavors. The bass, however, was perfectly caramelized. Unfortunately, even the chocolate torte left something to be desired. Do yourself a favor: there's lots of great restaurants in Charlotte; don't waste your money here. Caveat: hubs works locally and says breakfast and lunch items far surpass the dinner offerings. Don't know what others have experienced, but this place should consider hiring a new chef.
Had  dinner  there tonight. The food was adequate.  The service  was terrible. After being seated it took 15 minutes to get a waiter. 15 minutes to get a drink and then 40 min. to get our food and then 15 min. to get our check and they weren't busy! Won't be going back.
This is the first time at Nob Hill Tavern for us; however, it is the 4th Michael Mina restuarant that I have been too.  Unfortunately, it was the worst and we will never go back.  \n\nWe were staying at the MGM and had tickets to KA that night so we wanted to eat somewhere close to the show so that we did not have to rush through dinner.  Our reservations were at 7 pm and the show was at 9:30 pm and the theater was right around the corner, less than a 5 minute walk, but the service was so horrendous that we did not even have time for dessert and were still rushing to get to the show right at 9:30.\n\nIt was a Tuesday night during non peak season and were unlucky enough to be the guinea pigs for a new waiter ... it was his first night on the floor alone.  Don't get me wrong ... we understand everyone gets nervous and may make mistakes their first night out, but this waiter kept making mistakes all night:\n\n1)  First, it took him about 15 minutes to even take our orders.  When he finally did, I had asked him about a certain appetizer and he said that he had not tasted that dish yet, but he would find out and get back to me.  Well, he never came back to tell me so I ended up with no appetizer.\n\n2)  My husband ordered the Tasting Menu with the wine pairing.  His first course came out and was eaten and we realized that there was no wine pairing that came with it.  Had to ask the waiter about it and then we got it, but so much for the "pairing" since the course was already eaten.\n\n3)  Our friend had ordered the filet and had asked for the Sweet Onion sauce to come on the side, well, another mistake .. the filet came with the sauce on top of it.  We could not wait for another steak to come since we did not get our entrees until 8:30 pm (remember, we had tickets to KA for the 9:30 showing, which we mentioned to both the manager and the waiter when we sat down).\n\n4)  There were 4 of us, two couples, so to make the billing issue easier, we had asked the waiter for separate bills when we first ordered.  He said "no problem sir" .. but when the bill came, it was not separated.  We asked again and when the waiter brought back the separated bill, yes, it was separated, but there were no prices ... it would have been nice if this meant that our entire dinner was comped, but of course it wasn't.  \n\nWith all of the problems that we experienced ... new waiter or not ... I would think that at a Michael Mina restaurant, the manager would come over to apologize, but that did not even happen.  Very disapointing since our dinner for 4 cost us $600+ (and that did not even include dessert since we did not have time to even order any).\n\nThe food was tasty, but not mind-blowing enough to get the bad taste of such horrible service out of our mouths.    \n\nSorry Mr Mina .. but your wait staff need quite a bit more training  before sending them out on their own.  And maybe your restuarant managers need some additional training also?
Absolutely delicious food.   The double-smoked bacon is one of the best uses of deceased pig I have ever tried.   A wonderful menu full of interesting and exciting creations that make for a noteworthy brunch.\n\nIt's brilliant that you have to walk by the kitchen first.   An excellent way to be introduced to a foodie restaurant.  The chefs say hello, which is also a nice touch.\n\nThe ambiance in the restaurant itself though is somewhat lacking.    The crowd feels somewhat like a Norman Rockwell painting come to half-life.  \n\nThe place feels kinda like a goyisha version of United Bakers.
Pho Nam must be short for pho-nam-men-nal! Oh no she didn't! Oh yes I did!  I was here for lunch today and it was so good!  Though my visit was around lunch time this place was pretty empty which I would generally take as a bad sign but the glowing reviews this place has let me know that I should not judge a book by its cover. \n\nThe restaurant is large, clean, and bright; it's sometimes hard to get all three of these things with a restaurant.  The hostess was pleasant as well.  She was very attentive and sweet.  \n\nI ordered the combination fried rice and my guest the spring roll and a noodle dish.  We both really enjoyed our dishes. I asked for my rice to have an extra bit of kick to it and I was not dissapointed. The portions at this place are also really large.  I pretty much stuffed my face and looked down and realized that I had barely made a dent in my lunch.  You know what I call that?  Lunch for tomorrow! Hey!\n\nYes, I love this place and I will certainly be back!
This was a great barber shop with friendly and skilled barbers. They had plenty of music to soothe the wait.
I went here to see a musical. It is a beautiful place for theatre and musicals due to its very historic and glamorous looks. Admittedly, it could do with a refurbishment but that might as well take all its charm away. I particularly like the small binoculars for rent mounted to the seats in front of you. If you have long legs, this might not be the place for you, though, as it is not overly spacious.
I had the BEST BBQ Beef ribs I have EVER had in my life.  Staff was friendly, service was very good.  I'll be back real soon for those fabulous beef ribs
When you come here, your tummy will need to be patient because of the long wait. However, to make your trip to the Wynn buffet worth it -- make sure to save the best for last. And what is it exactly? For me, it was the grapefruit gelato!\n\nI came for lunch and the food selection was okay. I would have to say that the memorable dishes that I had was at the omelette station. It was a shame that there was no spinach available even though it was on the menu. But I was satisfied with my omelette, nonetheless. The smoked salmon was delicious. I actually thought it was cool how there was a congee station -- however I personally like my congee thick. The congee was a bit watery for my taste and the rice was a bit thin. \n\nI am a cheese fanatic and I was so excited to see a meat and cheese station when I first walked in. I tried each type of cheese and only ended up disappointed. It was dry and bland. :( My cheesy heart hurt at that moment.\n\nAll in all, the grapefruit gelato made my stay at the Wynn buffet. It had the perfect ratio of that tart and sweet flavor. Other flavors were delicious as well (espresso, vanilla bean, strawberry, etc). :]
Very fast! All automatic don't have to deal with anyone. Cleaned car well and the lights are a very cool touch!!!
Hubby ordered takeout from this place and he came back with one container of food . Then told me he paid over $102.00 for it. He had  show me the bill because I didn't believe him. So after the shock of the bill I started on the food and it was a big disappointment. We love BBQ and this was not good at all. We had some chicken wings, ribs and the mac and cheese. So not worth the money or our time. Don't be deceived by the other reviews - it just not good BBQ !!! Period.
Yum, Yum, Yum! \n\nWe arrived and were promptly seated.  Friendly hostess?  Not at all, but whatever.  I don't need that to enjoy myself. Waiter came by promptly and took our drink order.  We asked for a kids menu and he brought back a piece of paper with available items written by hand.  They were out of their kids menu.  A wave of panic immediately came over me as I realized this meant no crayons to entertain my little ones until their food came.  A few rounds of "I Spy" saved me.\n\nThe waiter came by to take our order and we made the biggest mistake of the night.  He never came back.  Okay, eventually after a long, long time.  We ordered pita pizzas for the kids (tasteless and bland, but they ate them) and my husband and I shared the chicken chipotle 'pizza' and lavosh shawarma wrap.  Heavenly!  \n\nWe kept oohing and aahing about how delicious our food was.  Only complaint was that they burnt the lavosh so we had to pick the burnt parts off.  Oh another complaint.  There wasn't any cheese on the pizza.  But it still tasted yummy.  Saw a couple of plates pass by that I wish we would've ordered (nachos and a fruit plate.)  We finished with the baklava.  We both loved it, but it was really hard.  Since I'm not a frequent baklava-ordering girl, I didn't know if that is how it is supposed to be served.  After hacking off pieces, we were rewarded with mouth-watering bites.\n\nYes, the service was sloooooow and the lahvosh burnt, but we will return.  It's great to have options for healthy, delicious food!\n\nAlso, FYI, join their online club and they will send you a coupon for a free appetizer :-)  I love free things, especially when our spartan meal came to $30 (small pizza, wrap, 2 kids pizzas and water)
Called AHA after I lost the keys to the house I was renting while in LV on business.  When I called I spoke to Bill the owner and told him my dog was locked inside and he came immediately to get me back in the house.  Thrilled he wasn't some sketchy guy. Clean, well spoken, reasonably priced. Couldn't have been happier.
After 18 years in the valley, we finally made the trek down to Durant's.\n\nFirst, I will preface my review by stating that we did not stay for dinner. Long story short, we bailed after they brought out the bread basket. \n\nCutting to the chase....\n\nCons:\n\n* Entering through the kitchen isn't the best marketing strategy when your kitchen really needs a remodel.\n* The entire place needs one of those remodeling shows to do a surprise make over.\n* Carpeted restaurants leave your customers wondering just how dirty that carpet is.\n* A bar tender should know the wine list, or at least be able to muddle through a question about a bottle of wine.\n* Bath rooms are a bit tired and need a remodel.\n* Wait staff needs some training, a tad way to "Denny's casual" for us.\n* Bread basket and vege plate need some work. If I am dropping 300 bucks for 2 people, pick up the level a bit.\n* Small detail, but the wine glasses and glass wear need to be updated. Nothing worse that drinking a 150 bottle of wine out of a Denny's type glass. Silver wear is also right out of an institution. \n\n\nPro's:\n\n* Wine list was pretty good, with allot of great wines and reasonably priced too.\n\n\nI am sure we are going against the grain here with this review, but its simply how we see it. We typically have in our steak house rotation, Mastro's, Ocean Club, Bourbon Steak (Michael Mina's place), and Morton's, this place just isn't in that league. While I will admit we never even got to the dinner, I simply made a judgment call that with all that we had seen up to ordering, the food would not have been that good to over come all the cons. If your a 30, 40's or even 50's couple looking for a hip crowd and great atmosphere, note to self... this aint it.\n\nI am not a huge food critic. To me it is more important to have a great atmosphere, fun hip crowd. I get the whole "oldest power lunch steak house" thing, but eventually even the greats need to earn their keep through something other than their long lived reputation.
I've tried this twice - because my first experience was great - the burger was thick, juicy, tasty and done perfectly. \nThe second time I tried it - NOTHING was right.....the burger was thin, small, dry and overcooked (even though I had ordered the same thing). \nI don't know if it was the cook's problem or their lack of training which would establish the necessary consistency for a successful restaurant! Either way, I won't go back.
Best inexpensive Mexican Food in Phoenix.  Yes.  You read that correctly.\n\nIt's the place you take people to when they come to Arizona to visit you.  Not fancy pants New Mexico style food (you can got o Sierra Bonita grill, also 5 stars, for $25\/pp meals).\n\nThis place just delivers Mexican Food like the 70's, only better.  Chips are hot and not greasy.  Two kinds of dip.\n\nTheir $7 lunch specials are all uniformly good.  Try the chicken quesadilla lunch special if you are feeling bad, or the $8 shrimp enchiladas in jalapeno butter if you are feeling decadent, or grilled chicken salad with tortilla soup (more like stew here) if you are feeling healthy.\n\nOn Wednesdays, you must try the best fish tacos in Arizona.  NOT FRIED.  Grilled tallapia type fish, with a little cream sauce, some shredded cabbage, in a corn tortilla.  I go with coworkers and they order 5 for $1.25 each, and along with the chips, they are stuffed to the gills and only spent $5 plus tip.\n\nSeriously... Wednesdays for Fish Tacos.  Remember.  Even if you aren't usually a fan of fish tacos.\n\nIt's tacky decorations.  It's cheap vinyl booths.  And the service is not terrific (secret... if you are in a rush, bring your bill to counter to pay, don't wait at the table).\n\nIn a city of good Mexican food, if you are looking for entrees less than $12, there is no better Mexican food in Phoenix.
I tried the Islamic noodles as suggested. It was awesome!\n\nNot a good place for an intimate conversation or deep debates, unless you want to be yelling over the other people crammed in with you!\n\nGreat food! Fast service! Polite server :)
Stumbled across this little gem while waiting for my boyfriend to get his haircut next door. We ordered a guacamole to share - poblano and queso fresco guacamole #bomb and short rib tacos, skirt steak, and fish tacos...OMG soooooooo good!!!! Can't decide which one is my favorite. The tortillas are all handmade and you can definitely taste the difference YUMMMM We will definitely be coming back :) thanks Bruno
I am so frustrated with the service or lack of service that I just received at this Massage Envy.  Please keep in mind that I have been a faithful member for at least the last 18 months at another Massage Envy. I was not able to get in to my regular massage therapist.... So for my convenience I choose to go to a Massage Envy location that is closer to my home.  I called to make the appointment, with witnesses by the way, earlier today.  I expained when I called that I was in an accident about 10 days ago and just needed a massage. (Yes, I saw a Dr. for Workman's Comp only) his advise... "You deserve a massage".. "Sorry you were in an accident". I told Massage Ency receptionist this... Fast forward to the appointment... arrived as requested 30 minutes early as requested for paperwork.  Completed said paperwork, paid 10.00 extra for aroma therapy... I had 4 hours of credits on my account so used 1.5 credits for my intended massage.  Met Krystal the massage therapist. After the initial pleasantries I began to explain those areas that were bothering me... I was perfectly honest because thats how I am... When I told her I had been in an accident she put her clip board down and said "I cannot see you"... "I will not take that liability"...you should see if you could call your Dr. to get a release... My response... "It is 8:30 on a Saturday night"... I am quite sure my doctor albeit Concentra is going to be available for a release... When it became evident that my much anticipated massage was not going to happen I returned to the reception area to get my money back (for the aroma therapy) and have my 1.5 hours of sessions returned to my account.  To my shock I was told that that could not or would not be done since I was a member of another Massage Envy... I asked to speak with the manager but was advised the manager was not available. I was given the Name of Amanda Nielsen who is the "Manager" but would not be available until Monday... As I continued to request at least my 10.00 back another manager "Brittany" was called and again advised the front office staff that there would be no refund.  \n\nIF I had requested an Aroma Therapy and received it without paying I would have been arrested for theft or shop lifting... But Massage Envy can take my money and not provide anything in return and that is called business practice.... "Because I am a member of another location". So for no massage I am out almost $100.00....\n\nExplain to me how this is anything but bad customer service all the way around.\n\nMIchael Smith
These guys seemed very nice, and they came out and gave me a quote for stump grinding. I had 2 trees that I hadn't cut down yet, but was planning to upon receiving the quote for the stump grinding. I needed to make sure I could afford it. I received a very reasonable quote from Harris and Sons and went ahead and cut the trees down and called them back to schedule a time for them to grind the stumps a few days later. I spoke directly with one of the guys and he said they would check their schedule for the following week and call me back. No one called me back. I called again and this time I left a message with their answering service. No one called me back.\n\nSo, I guess I need to find a new company to do the work. Unfortunately, I budgeted for the quote Harris and Sons provided and I am finding that the work is much more expensive. I wish I wouldn't have cut my trees down- I could have waited until next year, but I knew the trees were declining and since Harris and Sons provided a reasonable quote I thought I should get it taken care of now. \n\nI give Harris and Sons one star, because while I appreciate them coming out and giving me a quote in a timely manner, not returning calls or honoring the quotes- is really crappy. I am feeling pretty sad looking at my barren front yard with big tree stumps sticking out like eye sores.
Oh la la. J'adore cette boulangerie --les macarons ont été meilleurs que je ai eu en dehors de la France.... This bakery is the best I've been into in the Phoenix area. It's worth driving to if you like French\/ Swiss style chocolates and pastries, or if you just want to try them.  I went to Napoleon to get birthday treats for my son's  birthday. We discovered macarons in Paris last summer, so I thought he might appreciate some on his birthday. He was delighted  --which made me happy.... Then we shared them with my brother and his family who had never tried French macarons, and they loved them too. Go here. You won't be sorry you did!
Stopped by mid-week for dinner and was surprised to see how busy it was!  Our original 30-40 minute wait was reduced since we were willing to fit 5 people at a 4 person table which worked out.  Ordered appetizers and a variety of special sushi rolls.  Generally the rolls were good and fresh.  I expected there to be a bit more ambiance, but it's fairly simple - closer to fast casual than fine dining.  Would recommend for a casual meal (but not necessarily casual prices) but probably not for a date night.  Also, ideal for groups of 3-4 as most tables are smaller and you can't make reservations.
This used to be Oliver's sophisticated bean. The espresso is still delicious, food is  good and better prices now. The atmosphere is chill and cozy. Good for getting work done or hanging out with friends.
Be careful renting from this location. The car we got had bed bugs!!! After a 5 hour drive in the rental car, i was covered in bed bug bites - classic breakfast, lunch, and dinner bites along the seat belt lines. \n\nBudget was not willing to reimburse us after paying $600 on bed bug dogs to ensure that we didn't track any bugs into our house or our family's house. Luckily we were bed bug free, confirming that bed bugs were from the car.\n\nAfter speaking with the rep from this location and the Avis Budget Regional Manager, the company was not responsive or willing to do their part in damage control. \n\nBe very careful!
Okay, I love Buca. It's not Little Italy in Lower Manhattan or the Bronx, but the food's great, though not especially creative; the service is fine and there's plenty of parking Love the spaghetti and meatball(s) -- Generally one's enough...and I never share
In 2 Months:   3 x NO SALAD DRESSING, No Coke Products, No Bacon during Breakfast Service.  \n\nThis McDonald's was great when it first opened a year or so ago.  Now, not so much.   \n\nThe Owners need to get a hold on  management.   Management needs to be trained on how to order the correct quantities needed for proper food service.   Running out of these things regularly is not acceptable.  Each frustrated customer is a potential lost customer...resulting in lost profit.\n\nManagement needs to get a hold of Cutsomer Service....because just like it's food service....its The Pits!  \n\nC'mon now McDonalds....yall need to Rally....Pull It Together....and get it running like it was when you first opened.   Your neighborhood customers are rooting for you!   We want you to do better.
Expensive and small portions! Im a server and bartender . I went with my friend because of the great reviews but the reviews were obviously made by friends of the employees... The food tasted great but it was SMALL portions. $ 12 a plate for two bites small! ( I'm a lite eater and only weigh 100 pounds so when I say small I mean SMALL!) \nWine was not on the list but we ordered it anyways.. It was 120$!?!? \nStill hungry after paying so much was insane! \nServer was very very nice and helpful and took off half the price for the wine so the bill came out to around 100 dollars. \nGood and service was phenomenal but it was soooo expensive. I don't recommend.
Castles N' Coasters is fun for a few hours. Short wait time in lines considering it was a Friday when we went.\n\nRestrooms have no doors. They have black flap curtains like they use in grocery store backroom freezers.\n\n$25 a person (including my 5 year old) gets you unlimited rides. It cost a little more to add access to miniature golf.\n\nSmall lockers are available to rent for 50 cents. (don't lose the key or you will be charged $10 to have your locker opened)\n\nOver 250 arcade machines for the hardcore and family gamer. \n\nHonestly I did not try the food because it's expensive for hot dogs and drinks. Upon purchasing tickets you get your hand stamped upon entrance. That stamp allows you to leave and re-enter the park all day. There's plenty of restaurants and fast food chains around the park including the Metro Mall across the street. You can easily get something to eat from the food court and make your way back if you wanted to.\n\nThe sodas they provide are all RC brand cola. They fill fill it up for you. They also sell Monster Energy drinks and Vitamin Water per vending machines only.\n\nSplash Down coaster is similar to Splash Mountain @Disneyland. Really fun and you do get soaking wet. Desert Storm is also fun it's their biggest roller coaster that has 2 loops if I remember correctly and only last about 20 seconds. However the waiting time in line makes up for it as it is extremely short. They have bumper boats that are fun if you have kids. I got on a few other rides don't remember them all by name though. The small go kart style cars are ok. The only problem is that the steering wheel is tweaked so that you can't make full turns (for safety reasons) so it is extremely hard on your wrists. After driving around for 5 min I was actually relieved cuz my hands and wrists were hurting from holding the steering wheel.\n\nOverall this is not a bad place to have fun every now and then.
MOST EFFICIENT GOVERNMENT-RUN ESTABLISHMENT EVER.\n\nSeriously. Why can't the California DMVs be like this? This is definitely something Nevada has on Cali. And a full snack bar selling even healthy snacks like fruit salads? Am I still at the DMV?!\n\nEvery single person I've met here is super nice and accommodating. I've had to borrow a screwdriver from the people at the vehicle inspection to take my license plate off, then borrow it again to put it back on. I've had to wait for the California DMV to get back to me because I lost my registration and the woman helping me (her name is Marilyn and she is awesome) went above and beyond to make the process as smooth as possible. Even the TVs have entertaining content on them, such as trivia about celebrities (go figure).\n\nA word of advice: you can get your number, then leave to get a smog check across the street and come back in time to get served. I recommend Auto Tech on Durango five minutes away. They have a yelp deal where you get $10 for $25, which is how much a smog check costs. Coincidence? That price is unheard of in California.\n\nAnyway, I am impressed. Never did I think I would walk out of the DMV not wanting to shoot it up. Joking... shout out to Marilyn :)
Great place for a sandwich! It's the real deal piled with your favorite meats and veggies! I had the Sparky, a really great and flavorful sandwich with potato salad!\n\nI highly recommend stopping if you're in the area.
Decent Bruegger's located near the Pitt campus on Forbes. As such, it tends to be pretty busy during most parts of the day & a little less clean than most locations. They do have your standard sets of bagels, sandwiches, cream cheese, and stuff that you can take to go or eat in, assuming you have the time to sit in & do so (most do not). A suitable option for breakfast and lunch. I would go somewhere else for dinner though since I don't think this place is open during the hours that most would eat dinner at.
Highly recommend!!  Hard to find an honest auto repair shop but these guys exceeded my expectations. Like how they email you a description and photos to support what they recommend for device needed.
WAY OVERPRICED!!!\nvery unfriendly manager, waitress doesn't speak English...\nFood... I lived for 2 years in Korea and can tell you - far below average.\nDon't accept AmEx eventhough have a door sticker 'Amex is welcome here".\nnot recommended, will never go to that place again.
Oh my my my!!! The carrot cake is a MUST!! So very moist and delicious. I'd order the same thing next time, and I never do that.
I've been here for food and for drinks.  I think overall a 3.5 stars, but bump it up to 4 for atmosphere etc.\n\nI went with a group from work for lunch one day and they were able to help a group of 7 of us and split our checks, which was so appreciated.  The hamburger I got was ok, I couldn't taste the sauce on it though.  The waffle fries- amazing!!  I just wish it would have been brought a tad quicker since they really weren't that busy when we were in there.\n\nIf you come on a Thurs\/Fri\/Sat night, good atmosphere, busy and tons of alcohol choices.  If you like your beer, this is a place to come and hang out for awhile
Gorgeous outdoor patio, and yummy breakfast food.  Coffee is great too!
I've only been here for breakfast once but will definitely be returning soon! Yum! I had the strawberry creme brûlée waffle and my friend got the crab cake eggs benedict. Both plates were amazing! My waffle tasted like dessert and I couldn't finish it. I tasted my friend's crab cake eggs benedict and it was heavenly. I will order that next time!! \n\nAs far as drinks, I had a peach bellini and my friend tried one of the bloody marys. She was excited because they had five or six different kinds of bloody marys to choose from. Personally it's not my thing, but she said it tasted great. The bellini was sweet but I would recommend getting a double. \n\nOur server was nice and attentive but not bothersome. We arrived relatively early (around 915) so there wasn't any wait to sit down, but by the time we left, the entrance was full of people waiting for tables. The atmosphere of the restaurant was pleasant and hip without being too aggressive. Unlike other places in Old Town, the music wasn't blasting and I didn't feel like I was at a club for breakfast. I enjoyed the food and will come back soon!
Came here on a Friday afternoon. The place was empty at first but then wave after wave of high school students came pouring in. It was like I was in a high school cafeteria and the noise level was so loud I wanted to just leave. \n\nThis joint is a bit run down and could really use an update. Small but cozy at the same time. I believe this is a husband and wife operation. They were both very friendly and easy to speak with. Their friendliness gave me a bit more confidence about the place.  \n\nEggs Benedict with salmon $11.99 - comes the home fries which I really enjoyed. The home fries was basically a whole potato with the skin which was cut into small cubes. The egg itself was poached really well and the hollandaise sauce was pretty decent. \n\nBig Breakfast $11.99 - 3 eggs, 3 meats (sausage, ham, bacon), home fries, buttered bread, huge fluffy pancake and French toast. It was so big that it comes in 2 separate plates. Everything tasted good. Bacon was extra crispy just the way I like them.  \n\nA good breakfast place but Honey B Hives is still hands down the best. \n\n3.5 stars
Full marks. For someone who doesn't gamble, drink, or smoke, MOLV is the ONLY place to stay in Vegas. My only minor complaint was a friendly, young check-in clerk who was a little too friendly with all kinds of questions: "where are you from?' "what brings you to LV?" etc. I know it's the American way but it chaps. That kind of stuff would NEVER happen at the Mandarin in Hong Kong, which I used to frequent.
This is a beautiful park! There's plenty of space to play and picnic, plenty of picnic tables, a nice gym area for the kids, dog runs, and a walking or jogging path. The parking lot leaves a little to be desired if there's more than two dozen cars there....
This place deserves ten stars. This place was absolutely amazing for me, a female w little to no knowledge on automotive parts, mechanical issues, shops etc. it's another language for me and it's nice to be able to go to one of these places and be respected and to be talked to in a friendly manner. So it was just a very nice experience for me. Very very friendly and informative I was helped out by two Representatives. I have a BMW so it was a little tough trying to find windshield wiper's there unfortunately, had to go to two places the first pair here didn't quite fit but they ended up finding a pair that did in fact fit. I was helped by the manager there his name is Jovan extremely helpful went over and beyond to make sure I was taken care of, and he definitely deserves a raise! Thanks guys!
I didn't feel like lvg the Hyatt Airport & I was tired of the less than stellar room service. I ordered a 10" spinach & feta pie, fried mushrooms, mild wings & Tuscany chicken salad. The pizza wa the best thing I received & it was only fair. The crust was tasteless. The salad was a head of iceberg that was barely chopped and barely fresh. The breading in the mushrooms was like a hushpuppy :-(\n\nThe driver left my drink & I tipped him $3 bucks but he wasn't even friendly. I won't order from here again. I paid for the convenience and most of this food is going to go in the garbage! It did smell like it was going to be delicious, but it was fair at best.
Third time eating at this place and both times we did not have sushi. Odd? No not really because they are known for their fried chicken and oxtail fried rice! The seasoning of the fried chicken is to die for and that oxtail fried rice tho!! Minus a star because you get 4 pieces of fried chicken for $28. Kinda much but hey, it's Vegas and you're expected to spend an arm and a leg. Yeah is go back. Because I love food.
The Beech Tree is definitely an excellent "bar" if you want to have a drink.\n\nAmazing Cocktail list! I would never have expected from this neighborhood! The cocktail serves here uses fresh-squeezed fruit juice and House Made Syrups, bitters and grenadines! And I just love the cocktails we ordered which all prepared with cared and skills.\n\nFor beer lovers, there are beers from Amsterdam, Beau's, Left Field and Kawartha Lakes available on tap. They can even give you a taster before you commit. For wine lovers, there are wine available in glass from local and around the World. \n\nThe Beech Tree is definitely an excellent "restaurant" if you want to enjoy some well prepared food. The food here is all seasonal and locally sourced prepared from scratch, that includes the bread, pickled vegetables, sauces and the cured meat!\n\nCauliflower and Stilton on toast ($5)\nChicken liver parfait with poached pears and toasts ($11)\nA warm salad of smoked arctic char w\/ celeriac croquette, quail egg, wild rice and cider vinaigrette ($12)\nGnocchi with rosemary and parsnip ($16)\nSlow braised lamb hot pot with pickled vegetables ($13)\n\nThe appetizers and mains I tried were all nicely presented with interesting combination of ingredients and flavors.\n\nThe complimentary mini peanut butter chocolate torte was so rich and it was the perfect to end the evening!\n\nHighly recommend to give The Beech Tree if you are in the area! But remember to make a reservation as the restaurant is quite small and with limited seating!
They have pretty much everything you'd expect in Armenian market , i liked it.
This place will likely never recieve my business again. Seating and hostesses are critical to the first impression of an establishment and this place was subpar in that aspect. Our experience started off on the wrong foot when we were seated outside in a corner in the blazing sun when there was plenty of seating inside and outside that weren't in the sun. I asked if we can move to a table at least out of the sub and the hostess told us the rest of the tables were for bigger parties than 2.....shortly after we sat down the hostess brought parties of 2 to those tables that I asked about. I was disgusted at this type of treatment and after my meal I went to ask her.  She said that those tables had been reserved. I can definitely understand that but why didn't she say that in the beginning rather than say it's for bigger parties? She also had an aloof attitude that I didn't appreciate. I asked to speak to the manager and she offered to take 20% off the bill AFTER I had to ask for it some sort of rectification. I've always been impressed with the establishments on the Caesars property so I was surprised I was treated that way here. \n\nAs for the food it was decent but really overpriced.  You are paying for the novelty.
San Tan Ford is an absolute mess.  My family bought 4, yes FOUR vehicles from here.  2 have never had any issues aside from the mandatory safety recalls.  Mine, however, have both been absolute nightmares.  The first vehicle was a 2012 Ford Focus, marked as a Certified Pre-Owned.  While I am aware that a dealer does not have to show you the CarFax by law, it would have been nice to have been shown them especially since I was a first time buyer and I had asked for them.  I did not want to screw myself into a junk lemon.  I found out later that the first Focus I purchased was beat up like none other in California.  I ended up running the CarFax myself to try and understand why the car didn't like to run, and why San Tan Ford was avoiding working on the Focus.  If I had the chance to go back and re-do the deal, I would have run as far away from that dealership as possible!!!!!!!\n\nBut of course, I got angry instead of using my head.  I took the car back, explained my issues with it, and told them they could have it.  At that point, I did not care if it affected my credit in anyway, shape, or form.  And what do you know!!  The same guy that sold us our first three cars swoops in the "save" the day.  With being as distraught as I was, I allowed him to sucker me into another heap of junk "Certified Pre-Owned" Focus.  I should have known better, but I messed up by letting him use his snakey dealer tenancies and I got myself into an even bigger mess.  I cannot even begin to tell you the number of times I have been stuck at that shop.  Each time, they deny me a loaner or a rental.  Exactly how am I supposed to get to work to pay for the piece of crap if I cannot get there on time?  I have since taken my Focus to other Ford dealers, and they have treated me like such royalty.  When I make an appointment, they don't hold my car for a WEEK before even looking at it, and they make sure I am able to get around and do what I need to.\n\nThe problems just never end.  I know cars are not problem free, but when it is the same issue over and over and over again, there are only two reasons for it:  1) San Tan does crap work, or 2) San Tan lies and does not do any work at all.  \n\nI will never, EVER, recommend anyone to come to this shady hole of a dealership.  Selling cars is not about who you can screw the worst into a vehicle.  I really never should have switched from Dodge to Ford.  At this point, I would have even bought a Chevy.  Never again will I buy a Ford, especially not from this place.
Amazing food. Everything seems well thought out, the chef must have an excellent pallet. Great friendly service.
Another night that did not disappoint. The food is unbelievably delicious. From appetizers to salads to main dishes.. All are out of this world. The owners are great to talk to and Chef Matt is at every table. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone, you will not be disappointed!
Like this place. Food is PRETTY good which is why 4 stars, drinks and service is 5 stars for sure, not too pricey by any means. The patio is great! The firepit is lavarock  or something similar and really nice.
Hands down my favorite shop in the midwest. Clean, friendly, and just overall the best I've seen. \nThe only place I go for ink!
We have really enjoyed our visits here the food has been delicious and the service has been exceptional. I highly recommend asking for Mandi at the bar, she truly makes the difference with her great service, attitude and recommendations. You can tell she takes pride in her work and it amplifies the experience. I recommend the eggplant fries and grilled wings with the wasabi ranch! They are awesome. This is quickly becoming our favorite spot in downtown Chandler!
Good stuff.\n\nOn our way home, wanted to get something to eat during our flight. Came across The Great American Bagel. Service was quick and friendly. Prices are a bit high, but hey it's the airport! Our bagels were good. Don't expect NY bagels, but still quite tasty. \n\nNice option to have.
Food: steak salad, salmon with asparagus, and kids spaghetti with meat sauce. Food was just ok. My daughter didn't like her spaghetti. I tasted it and the noodles were overcooked. My steak was cooked perfectly on my salad, but the rest was meh. \n\nAmbiance: nicely decorated. \n\nService: attentive. \n\nLocation: conveniently in Town Center. \n\nToo many other options out there, so probably won't revisit.
Ghee in all of the vegetarian dishes making them not vegan friendly. \n\nOwners or operators not willing to make without ghee. Vegetable oil costs less and is likely better for you, so why not make the exception for vegans?\n\nThe menu further states that they will make you any curry if you ask, even if it isn't on the menu. Apparently they can't make one without ghee.  No money from me.
How can you go wrong with a buffet with an endless supply of a large variety of sushi and a chocolate fountain?! \n\nI do have to say, the "warning" sign on the tables was a bit much.  I know people do waste a lot of food at buffets, but it is not welcoming to be threatened with being charged for unfinished food.  It is a buffet and sometimes I take things to try that I absolutely don't like.  I'm not going to eat them just because of your threats!  \n\nI was in the area and convinced my husband that we should finally try this buffet.  It was a Friday night and while it was crowded, it wasn't overwhelmingly so as the tables are well spaced out.  I was in the mood for sushi so I started there.  There were about 10 types of rolls, four of five types of pieces and four types of sashimi.  They also had the sauces to add if you wanted to.   None of the rolls or pieces I ate were out of this world or extremely memorable, but they were tasty.  Most had at least one type of sauce on them, though, so if you aren't a fan of sauce on your rolls, you won't like this sushi.\n\nAside from the sushi, they also have a selection of the typical Chinese buffet fair.  My husband tried a good number of those dishes and again said they were tasty but nothing overly memorable.  They did have a few dim sum options which was a nice touch.\n\nOverall, it was pricey (around $20 per person) but if you went somewhere else and got an appetizer, salad, entrees and dessert, you would be paying at least that if not more.
Große, recht klar strukturierte Messehallen, die zudem ordentlich an den öffentlichen Nahverkehr (S-Bahn: Flughafen) angebunden sind.\nPer Bus oder Pkw ist die Anreise ähnlich bequem, dank eigener Autobahnausfahrt und sehr großem Parkhaus.\nTickets für die Messe können, was ich sehr angenehm finde, mittels EC-Karte auch direkt am SB-Terminal in der Eingangshalle gezogen werden.\n\nZu den Kritikpunkten:\nDie Gastronomie ist höchst mittelmäßig und das Personal strahlt eine nahezu perfekte Lustlosigkeit aus, die man sonst selten erlebt.\nDie Parkhausgebühr ist ziemlich happig, +- 3 Euro\/Stunde.
We recently purchased a used car from Audi North Scottsdale. This was by far the best car buying experience we've ever had -- and we have bought from several other dealers in the Valley. Our experience was characterized by a few simple concepts: fairness, honesty, trust. There was no pressure, there were no games. They said what they would do and they did exactly that, resulting in a perfect buying experience. It's really encouraging to know that there are still great auto dealers out there.
The best IndoPak food in Vegas....the Biryani is so amazing i would recommend every to to try Biryani here...Chicken karaahi with soft and hot is must try....10\/10 in taste, quality and quantity :)
Earl of Sandwich. You were underrated to my taste.\n\nDon't know what all the rave & hype is about. Their food tastes the same as Subway's, if not worse. Y'all must be all intoxicated while eating this shit cuz this place tastes OK when you're sober.\n\nI must admit the bean soup was really good though I was hella drunk while eating it. It was the only "good" taste that stood out. The line is definitely not worth the wait HAHA.\n\nProps to them for opening 24 hrs. That's probably how they make so much money...charging drunktards (like me that night) for multiple sandwiches. I came back to the hotel with two bags of 2 sandwiches & 2 soups. Wtf.\n\nIt's good munchies food but for lunch? Nahhh I'd rather go to In n Out or Chinatown.
Had an amazing experience going to see Dr. Smith. I flew in from out of town and all interactions with the staff from questions prior to arriving all the way through to my last visit before leaving and even now that I'm back home were more than what I expected. Dr. Smith, Dr. Crowley, Shannon, Desiree, Heidi and the whole team were extremely welcoming and gave me exactly what I wanted. I wouldn't go to see anyone else for my plastic surgery needs.
we didn't eat here so i can't comment on the food (though we've been to the one in NY and thought that was good).  after our dinner at Zeffirino, we decided to see if we could grab drinks somewhere and as we said that, Tao appeared as if out of nowhere.  we moseyed on in and found ourselves a seat at the bar.  while drinks were great, this was probably one of the best places we ever went to purely to people watch.  you could easily just look at any random corner of this place and make up a story about any of the individuals there.  this lil activity, along w\/ our drinks and incredible bartender, provided us w\/ plenty of good times.  we decided to high tail it when it started to get packed.  as we walked out, there was a HUGE line just to get in which made us appreciate three things.  one, we got there as early as we did, two, we didn't have to stand in line, and three, we didn't have to be crammed into the place w\/ a bunch of screaming 21 year olds...
There's not too many places to grab ice cream on this side of southend. So happy this place opened up! Great service and tasty ice cream! I tried the rich chocolate
Was super excited that a bakery with fresh Japanese cheesecake opened uptown, so I had to try it. That, and they made pretty bold claims on Instagram about having the best Japanese cheesecakes in Toronto with no line ups. \n\nIt costs $11 per cheesecake, and it comes in three flavours: original, chocolate, and coffee.\n\nI only ordered the original, because I wanted to be able to compare it to Tetsu's semi-fairly. \n\nVerdict? I mean... it's not bad. It was actually pretty good, the cheesecake had a nice fluffy, light texture and taste to it. It is less cheesy and lighter than Tetsu cheesecakes. Their logo and store interior are both very pretty and clean, and the staff are all very friendly.\n\nHowever, given the choice between the two, I think I'd still choose Tetsu.
I honestly did not think id see such a huge difference the first time. I take care of my teeth, I brush and floss. My downfall is coffee. After seen the after photos i feel like my teeth were terrible. I loved this. She's amazing and its sooo worth it. Definitely recommending to my friends and family.
I am very impressed with this Starbucks. A year ago I had some issues and they quickly resolved them. The staff is friendly and I am always impressed when they can remember my cumbersome drink order. My drinks are perfect. They can get really busy but they work hard to get the orders out quickly.
After being disappointed by my last dental office's billing practices I took the recommendation of a friend to try this place. I had an electronic version of my dental insurance on my iPhone which initially seemed like a problem but the manager, Hugo, came out and took care of me. The receptionist, assistant, hygienist and the actual dentist were all very friendly. I was there a little longer than I anticipated but never felt like I was being rushed out.  No cavities either! I'll be back in 6 months!
After long hours of study, I was hungry, too cold to go outside, no time to seat and order at a restaurant. Need something good and fast. Quality\/ Price. Mr.Gao dayum LOL \nRight in between library and MB building inside Guy-Concordia Metro station. \nI was clueless as usual. Staff explained me how it works and offer me the combo option. \nChoose a rice\/ noodle, veggies\/ tofu and meat. + Free lime water (thumbs up)\nHigh variety of dishes, good portion, good quality.\nI chose veggies fried rice, TOFU (vegetables LOL) and some pan-fried beef. \nThey accept MasterCard and Tap (Thumbs up) \nFood was great, fills you up. \nWhen I was done eating, I didn't know where to put my tray. One of the staff walked towards me and took the tray. (Customer service level too high haha) \nYou can also order fancy individual dishes (pictures on wall)\nGood ambiance, Good for 1-4 people group\n\nI will definitely come back to try the other meat options.\nKeep the good job!
these guys were great! awesome experience. they did a great job tinting my windows and replacing my windshield and way faster then i expected. very friendly and efficient.
Since we have purchased walking shoes and sandals from AZ Walk Shop neither my husband or I have had any foot pain at all.  We are no longer replacing and repurchasing shoes every few months.  Price is not unreasonable for the high quality of footwear.   The service here is impeccable!  We are always been treated with the utmost respect.  Thank you AZ Walk Shop
Compared to the other Vietnamese places I've been to, this place has a more elegant  environment. To me, food here is just good, but not outstanding. Personally I like the food from Ben Thanh better.
The food has turned my stomach inside out. On the first bit, there was hair. I paid $26, even tipped the driver, and I have eaten nothing. I asked nicely for a refund, and was refused. After a huge argument, the owner told me I had to come in for a refund. Ubering there and back would cost me half the price of my meal. They finally agreed to send the driver back, yet I'm still waiting. The food was 45 minutes late as well, and after a single bite, I feel sick to my stomach. Never order food from here.
I was driving by and saw this place. Decided to stop by and I think it was the worst decision I ever made. The beef was burnt on the outside and completely raw inside. Also the beef was so rubbery you couldn't even bite through it. The chicken was pretty good. The tzatziki was horrible. Hummus was alright (not the best I've ever had).
This is our go to place when we are in town. Staff is always friendly, food is priced very reasonably and always delicious !!! Started out with their bruschetta, the hint of balsamic reduction sauce makes this outstanding.  Main course was Risotto Frutti Di Mare and my wife had Vitelli Scaloppini both were very good. Portions are plentiful.
This has become a standard in Las Vegas, but I'm not sure if it's the brand name or if it is that good.  I mean, Las Vegas is becoming the mecca of the culinary world having branches of the country's best restaurants situated on the Las Vegas Strip.  Even though Del Frisco's is not on the strip, there are lots of people who search this place out.  The steak was good, but not spectacular.  The ambience was nice, although just a little too dark.  The service was impeccable and our waiter was both knowledgeable and helpful.  I think that this is just one of many nice steak restaurants in Las Vegas, but it is still worth visiting if you can get a reservation.
I'm not really sure what to think of Cookie to be honest, from the outside everything looks like one off pieces so I wasn't sure if it was a second hand shop or not. When I went in for a browse I realised they didn't just have one off pieces but the clothes still looked second hand for some reason... they just looked misshapen like they'd all been worn before. I did notice a few nice dresses with some floral prints but they were about the only pieces of clothing that tickled my fancy.\n\nI think their accessories are a lot nicer than the clothes and I saw some cute scarves and purses which would be great as gifts.\n\nI don't know... the stuff here just seems really bland and a little bit overpriced too.
I've been coming here for since 2012. Everyone is wonderful they all equally do a great job.
For me the pizza is too expensive and and the flavors too exotic. For example, I tried the Pear & Gorgonzola pizza. It isn't bad, but I'm in no hurry to go back and order another. If you're in the area, I'd recommend going to Claim Jumpers instead.
I'm assigning this Grand Cafe three stars because I loved the Prime Rib Special when I stayed here between 1\/12\/16 and 1\/16\/16.The servers were good, although the cashier disappeared more than half the time. The Pancakes were dry and hard to eat but the omelet I had, Bacon\/Swiss, was loaded with bacon and very good. The Bailey's Ice Cream Mudslide was out of this world delicious. \n\nMy review is based upon an incident in this Grand Cafe on 1\/13 which disturbed me. Although I initially published the details here, I decided, upon reflection, to delete my remarks because I made my point by venting and I do not want ramifications for others that I would not want for myself.
Japanese owned and run. It's authentic Japanese Izakaya place and famous for its kushiage. It's also really reasonably priced. And would highly recommend its winter hot pot specials.
One of the best burgers in town... and definitely one the top for Henderson! Fresh and tasty! They use Certified Angus Beef and have an organic burger option. Try the tater tots they are super good!
I love this place!  I've had a lot of good memories here - graduation, musicals, plays, I've come to this venue a lot.  I think it's so cool that we have a place like this where popular traveling shows come to our town.  And the fact that parking is now free in the lot?  Extra bonus!
I have always been fond of Abuelos. Our go to place for any colleagues birthday or celebration. I like the place  for its ambiance, food and chips\/salsa.\n\nThis location has been a little underwhelming. The staff was good, but the service was really slow. It took a lot of time for the food to arrive and the food was OK. Not the taste that I am used to though..\n\nMay be back some time later..
Came in for a quick flower, awesome employee she helped me get exactly what I need. Friendly and help with some Ideas, I will be back again forsure. Also price was very reasonable,  the only problem is the light rail getting to and from, a Uturn or two not that bad and worth it.
Ordered 2 waffle ice cream, one with ube flavor with sprinkles and chocolate drizzle and one with mocha almond fudge with peanuts. They put one scoop of ice cream on each. It was very good. The waffle was crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. We waited 8 minutes for each of our order. Costs $6 each without tax. Overall, it was a good experience and will be coming back.
The selection of books here is superb. They curate a fantastic range of unique design and culturally oriented products. From the most beautiful children's wooden toys and books, to kitchen gadgets, portfolio cases, pantone swatch books, glassware, SPD awards annuals and pens. As a professional illustrator, I really don't know where I'd be without this place. Amazon might be cheaper, but you can get it instantly at Swipe and preview everything in your hands. Support a thoughtful independent business run by gracious people. Aside from what you donate to save the dolphins, forests and children-spend all your money there now! \n\nAnd now: more books on architecture !
Every once and a while I get a subway sandwich but I've really become a fan of their flat bread breakfast sandwich and was quite surprised it was so tasty!  They have a 6' inch flat bread and a 3' inch which is what I usually get with egg whites, turkey and veggies, toasted and served all for around $2.25.  I just love the breakfast variety uptown...... yum!
I ordered a meatball sandwich and it was not very hot. The sauce was barely warm. \nWe also ordered a pizza which wasn't very good. \nThe staff is very friendly that's why I gave it 3 stars otherwise it would have been 1 star
Dave Winters came out and gave an estimate for a sunroom project. He was there for about an hour, and didn't give us very much information. A few days later, I got an email saying he'd pass on the project, but that my baby is very cute. What a weird interaction! I'm not sure what would make him pass on the project without giving an explanation, but I found the whole affair to be bizarre and unprofessional. \n\nOf course, any contractor has a choice not to take the project (just like I have the choice to post on the internet about how weird the whole interaction was). Perhaps he didn't think he could make enough money on the project or something...whatever it was, though, I would have appreciated knowing what his issue was with my house (my family? me?). The whole thing was just weird. \n\nI don't recommend doing business with these guys. You'll find yourself looking in the mirror, asking, "What did I do?"\n\nI'll continue to update Yelp with the unfolding saga of having work done on our home, hopefully with more positive reviews in the future!
A friend wanted to come here for his birthday so went with him for lunch. I got the 1990's special with cinnamon French toast with bacon, egg, and fruit while friends got an omlette a breakfast special. \n\n1990's has that sweet and savory thing going on which works pretty well, the omlette is supposedly good too. \n\nWould go back again, staff was friendly and sang for my friends birthday.
We go to Lancaster's very frequently.  Love the restaurant, bar, and ALL of the staff.  Everyone is always so prompt to serve you and so friendly.  The food is great.  We have never had a bad meal.  The service is fantastic and very attentive to your needs and desires.  The bar is a great place to "hang out".  It is always full of a lot of local people who are friendly and it is always nice to spend an evening there.  Anyone that frequents this location will definitely agree with me.
Great service.  If they see a problem they fix it, often free of charge.  Extremely reliable.  Best pool service I have ever had.
My family and I decided to give this place a try after driving past the plaza a few times and seeing the constant mob of people waiting to get in (it must be good if everyone goes there right?).  We decided to go early (ie. 5PM for dinner) and still had to wait a good 20 minutes before getting seated.  \n\nOf course we had to try their duck, which was (as expected) good.  The skin was very crispy and the duck itself was tasty.  The presentation of the flour wraps was different and interesting, but the wraps themselves were kind of dry. They had all the standard side condiments that you would expect for the duck, but if you want more there is a charge. We also tried their dumplings, where were very standard.  You can get good northern style dumplings at many other dumpling restaurants in the GTA.  We wrapped our our meal with a cold noodle and fried veggies which were both pretty good, although nothing to rave about.\n\nOverall I would recommend this restaurant if it were not for the ridiculous wait.  I don't think there is anything that extraordinary here that I would wait 40+ minutes in line for.  As we were leaving the restaurant after our meal, we had to weave our way towards the door, I guess we should be happy with our initial 20 minute wait.
Just bought my new used 2015 Toyota 4Runner from Jerry at Earnhardt Ford last night. We made the deal through emailing back and forth and it was quick and painless. We drove up from Prescott, got stuck in traffic, and arrived around 6:30pm. Jerry was supposed to be off at 7pm but stayed around to finish the deal. We were out of there by 8pm. Fastest buying car deal I've ever heard of at a dealership. So happy with my purchase and they gave me almost what I wanted for my trade in.
$1 oysters!!!!!!!!! Gotta love them JUST for this special. Our experience would have been perfect if our server was mmm a bit more experience. I don't want to say he was horrible just.. kind of unprofessional BUT he was a cool guy lol .Took off our corkage fee :) woooot $25 for corkage.. ridick.. but anyways, ordered about 2 dozen oysters and a few sliders.. More than stuffed. :)
I have been praying to the Poke Gods to please build something in the valley (so I don't have to keep driving to Cali for good Poke).  You can imagine how stoked I was when Ahi Poki Bowl opened!  Disclaimer *I lived in Hawaii, I know my poke...and I must say this place was pretty good!  It's kind of run like a salad bar where you go through and build it piece by piece (e.g. what rice you want?, which types of poke?, toppings, sauce..).  I got brown rice with salmon and octopus, all the veggie goodness and the mirin garlic sauce.  It looks like a gigantic mound of food but I managed to polish it all off in one sitting.  So I know they have 2 locations now.. I'm praying for a third in either Mesa or Gilbert (or both) but hey the drive is a lot shorter to South Scottsdale\/Chandler then Cali.
I found Silverstate Locksmith on Yelp. I got next day service. Vitali came out and replaced my sliding door lock and handle. He introduced himself, showed his ID and told me the business was licensed. I was happy with the quick response and felt Vitali was honest. They do charge a $55 service call to come out. I would definitely use them again.
I'm extremely happy with the service that was provided by Anytime Auto Glass.  They were able to repair my cracked windshield while I was at work and were able to come down to a Maricopa to do so.  The entire process was streamlined and flawless from scheduling the 3-way call with the insurance company to the new windshield replacement. I'm very happy and highly recommend Anytime Auto.
Cabarrus Creamery was great! We went yesterday, which was one of the hottest days since spring started. I'm a big ice cream lover and had heard great things about CC previously. The area that it's in in downtown Concord is very sweet--old town and quaint. The building itself is lots of fun. They have their ice cream flavors written on a giant wall in chalk. The staff was friendly, and it's a large space, but their tables and chairs aren't quite enough to keep up with the lines of people :) \n\nOn to the ice cream--I was so impressed with the selection of flavors they had. There were tons to choose from! My husband got an ice cream cookie sandwich (literally two cookies with ice cream sandwiched in) and I got a cone with mixed flavors. Coconut was out of this world. I was a little disappointed with the key lime pie (it was crumbly, not creamy and was a little too lime-zesty, which is why my review is for 4.5 stars, not 5). The other issue is the portion size. While I am NEVER opposed to large quantities of ice cream, these portions were so huge, that my husband couldn't even finish his. There was too much ice cream between the cookies to be able to eat it as a sandwich. They have lots of different cup sizes, so you don't have to get a lot, but you don't really have a choice with the cookie sandwich or the waffle cone. Again, no way that would deter me from going again, but it can certainly be overwhelming. \n\nIt's good to see homemade\/local ice cream shops around here. It was a refreshing change from Ben and Jerry's! :)
Thanksgiving dinner, really good service. Great people working here and even if the wait was a little long they made it worth our while.
Phil has excellent cocktails and a full menu of eggs to pasta and fish. Had the eggplant parm..very good. My partner had the pork chop special and calamari appetizer. Both were excellent.
My boyfriend and I live right down the street from this place & people were always like, "Oh you should go to Easy Restaurant... it's really over priced but good food." The only true part of that statement was that it was wayyyy overpriced. $15 for a pretty terrible breakfast quesadilla. There was virtually no flavor & I bit into a lot of chicken fat, which I'm personally not a fan of & the thought of it left me gagging all day. The upside of that meal was the side salad, the only thing I enjoyed of both our meals. My boyfriend got the west coast toast, which was better than mine but still not that flavorful. Lastly, the home fries had absolutely NO flavor. Perhaps we chose the wrong items, but when leaving, we wished we had opted for the eggsmart next door. Oh yeah, and a cup of coffee will set you back THREE DOLLARS!!! Sorry if I sound bitter, but after spending so much, this place left us REALLY unsatisfied and really unimpressed. We definitely won't be returning.
Fantastic. Cute, unassuming restaurant, with stellar food. Waitress was a bit busy and overwhelmed, but the food more than made up for the sometimes slow service. Elevates Southern cooking to haute cuisine.
For a McDonald's in Etobicoke this location is pretty good! Drive thru is normally quite busy but also moves pretty quickly. Friendlier staff would make this a 5 star location
Shelley at Elmwood Bakery helped make our wedding day an absolute success! We got such a good variety and we received so many comments from guests as to how beautiful our cake table was. We got an assortment of cupcakes along with a more traditional round which both looked and tasted amazing, all at a very affordable price. Thank you so much for all that you did for us!
I'm from Jersey and I gotta admit that this place is bomb. They might even be better than some deli's back East, in fact. I've never been disappointed with anything: from the chicken parm to the rice balls, even the pizza is awesome. They even have Pastosa ravioli!!!  Feels exactly like a spot back home, too, which is awesome.  Love me some Cugino's...
Sushi  Burgers  are Amazing!!! Wait... let me back it up. Went solo mission to Jjango steak & sushi for lunch today and I think I fell in love and found one of my new favorite places to eat in town. All the way on Fort Apache & patrick (yikes!) and well worth the drive. Came specifically for the sushi burger I read about in the Las Vegas Weekly, but they have everything! Sushi, sushi burritos & so much more. They have both regular happy hour 3-6 & a late night happy hour from 11-2 am. They have 4 different burgers and today I tried the Karai burger (I will try them all). With spicy tuna, spicy soft shell crab, salmon, cucumber, lettuce & screaming orgasm sauce. I got mine Panko crusted, they also have regular available. So amazingly delicious!!! A lot to eat and I'm stuffed, but so good I could help but eat the whole thing. The service was friendly & the music was also fantastic the whole time I was there. I will be trying to get everyone I know to come here!
Service staff was very accommodating, they brought us a rollaway with no problem and without an additional charge.  Housekeeping skipped us one day, however, which became problematic when we needed towels.  Also, the pool was undergoing construction during our visit, something that was disappointing since we were coming from the cold, snowy midwest.  The hot tub was open, however.\n\nOrdered room service one morning and it came promptly during the scheduled time frame.  Hash browns were cooked nicely.  $16 seemed may seem a ittle extensive, but included meat, eggs, bread, hashbrowns, and two beverages, juice as well as a hot beverage of your choice.  I'd never call it an exceptional value, but it was one of the better room service breakfasts I've had.  Someone on the staff was nice enough to call and ensure my food was delivered and that I enjoyed it.  They also were nice enough to pick up the tray shortly thereafter so it wouldn't be cluttering up the room or the hall.  I was disappointed that we didn't make it to the Top of the Rock, as many reviews indicate that its a nice way to relax without having to leave the property.  \n\nOne minor thing that was missing from the room was a directory detailing local attractions and information regarding the property.  A simple card detailing room service options and the TV channels was present, but it is always nice to learn more about the area coming from out of town.  This is a very minor detail however and I would absolutely stay at this property again given the opportunity.
fine food, but I can't remember what I had. nothing overwhelmingly good.
Awesome customer service! Fast repair and my sons phone looks like new. Would come back again and recommend this place. Thank you!
Love this place! Heard about it through Groupon and it has got to be the best bang for your buck. Every time we go, there are new specials. Best time to go is for lunch, you can't beat buy one get one free, or the portions for 8 bucks. I love the different soups they have, which are a hearty meal.  We wash our meal down with the Green Apple Green Tea, sooo good.  The only criticism  I can give is the servers. They are never busy, and tend to hover around you waiting for you to look up and pounce on you. My big peeve with them is they bring food out at different times, like as soon as it is done. So my husband gets his starter, I watch him eat, then my main course comes followed by starter, then he gets his meal. Bring food orders out together no matter if it sits in the kitchen for a minute. And bring them out in the correct order. The food is too good, the servers are very nice and helpful to be making such errors. I still highly recommend and hope they continue to get more business and stay open.
If there are any bad reviews, then they have limited themselves. This is the only cute little asian bakery around the area. Asia town itself is quite unimpressive and severely limiting. As a CWRU student there are hardly any Asian restaurants close by to start out with and this little bakery is cheap and delicious. \n\nIt takes about 25 mins to get to Koko's by RTA and may 10-15 minutes by car. I wish we had closer asian restaurants and such. \n\nI love their bread selection, they is always a wide variety and they always seem fresh. Their bubble tea is good, better than the ones I've had in Coventry. Their sweets also look adorable, so it's fun eating those.
The complimentary Yorkshire pudding is one of the best. The service and food is outstanding. You haven't gone you need to.
The lunch specials here are pretty great , which is awesome since I work less than 5 minutes away!  The service has always been good also, even during the lunchtime rush.\n\nPrices are average and the fish quality is far superior to any other sushi place that I've been to in Mesa.  The inside is a bit small, but luckily this spot is still a bit of an undiscovered treasure so it's never too crowded.
This place was freaking unbelievable!  Hands down, one of the best meals I have ever had.  Ever!\n\nWe waltzed into this place on a Thursday evening expecting a long wait.  Instead, we were seated almost immediately and were happy to be seated in the area near the bar.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful when we had menu and wine questions.  She helped us choose a fantastic Chianti and she suggested we try the meatballs...I am SO GLAD she "made" us get them!  \n\nEveryone at our table ordered something different and we each loved our entrees.  We had two appetizers - bruschetta and caprese salad.  The bruschetta was unbelievable and the caprese salad was perfection.  \n\nThe stars at this restaurant are truly the sauces and the meatballs.  The sauce I had on my angel hair pasta was marinara and was just out of this world.  The meatballs were fantastic and melt-in-your-mouth heaven!  \n\nWe cannot wait to go back to Rao's the next time we are in Vegas!
I bought my wedding ring along with an accompanying "sport ring" to go along with it. These people are the true definition of customer service. They make you feel special from the moment that you walk in the door, they are very knowledgeable about their products and go the extra mile to ensure that you get the product that you want.\n\nI will make all of my future jewellery and watch purchases from them.
I stay at the hotel ALL the time and I LOVE it. However the Hooters restaurant is AWEFUL. The manager is grade A bologna. The hostesses do not know anything. We were told that we could bring alcohol in but then the manager came up to us and impolitely mentioned we are not allowed to open anymore beer bottles. (Which we had purchased from the restaurant early morning.) I don't know the hiring process at this restaurant but they should reconsider the people they hire. I work at a very upscale restaurant and I can promise you we would never treat our guests the way I have been treated here. Then again it is Hooters.
First, this place has a lot of reviews and you may want to just skip this one. Over all this place sucks in my humble opinion. I came here for one thing - seafood! I ended up eating more as I will write about. \n\nThe crab is served all cold. They slice everything in half the long way. To be honest I miss the stone age feeling of ripping the limbs apart and hearing that perfect snap and having the joy of a perfect piece of crab coming out in one piece. Do you know how that perfect crab tastes? You know the natural salty sweetness I am talking about!! The same with those perfect shrimps! Well you won't find them here!!! Oh the horror of it! The crabs were so salty that I even went as far as opening up my Netflix app on my iPhone and was going to cancel taping anymore Deadliest Catch episodes! This seams to be done on purpose. I have NEVER had crab that salty before. Not even at those cheap Chinese restaurants that want you to stop eating were that salty!! What about the shrimp you ask?? Well you should have forgotten about that! It was quite the opposite! No taste at all! Why bother getting cholesterol when there is no taste?!?!?!?\n\nSo now out of desperation I decided to try other food. At first glance this place truly has nice food sex appeal. You food lovers know what I mean! When I decided to delve a little more into what there was and how it tasted - ugh! \n\nThey have chicken soup here. If your mama made soup like that - well my advice would be to get a new mama! Next was deep fried chicken which was battered with Matzo of all things. It was not too bad. Then again even Old Country Buffet can make a half way decent piece of deep fried chicken. The seaweed salad was a little on the sweet side but ok. The vegetable rolls were sort of crunchy, oily mush - yuck!!!\n\nSomeone wrote nice things about the Black Angus Burger?? Really?? REALLY?? R E A L L Y!!??!!?? You need to come to Buffalo and I can send you to a nice pub that would rock your world if that is how you think! That poor cow died for this! I am guessing it may of had Alzheimers and Mad Cow disease and did not even know it was cattle in the first place.  In case there is a lawyer reading this I AM JOKING! Jeez! \n\nI just spent $43.23 (w\/tax) and am starving! So I went to the salad bar to have Caesar Salad - at least that is what they call it on the name tag. I think I wrote enough for now. Just go somewhere else and spend the money. Either that or put it all on #24 and wish for the best!!!
The brewers....the Chef....Masterpieces. From the Roosevelt Red to the MB Wings..to the Olives and Burgers to the house IPA ....Absolutely Great!
We had The Phoenix Cake Company create a cake for our two year old with Pingu as an adornment on top.\n\nNot only did Pingu look realistic, he was 3d. And we were only charged for the 2d price.\n\nI'd highly recommend this company for any event requiring any type of cake.
Use to love this place... However the last three visits I sat at the bar with my boyfriend to grab a cocktail and waited minimum 20 minutes each time... Never waited on. Left all three times; the last (just now) prompted this post.
I used A to Z movers this past Sunday for a 2 stop move. They were punctual and fantastic. The move was quick and efficient and I will definitely use this company again for future moves!
Another 5-star review for Ide Mania and Lettie.  I went to the salon for the first time last Saturday.  Everyone in the salon is friendly, and they all seemed happy, creating a pleasant atmosphere.  Lettie colored my hair (nice job!), and gave me a fabulous cut.  She really knows what to do with curly hair!  I only had to put a little product in my hair this morning -- no hair dryer, flat iron, curling iron...  Everyone I have seen at work this morning has told me my hair looks great!  Low effort and high reward -- what more could you want?
Always great.  Mimosas were really good but the price(s) of a large caught us by surprise after seeing the signs for their Mamosa special, which must be smaller. Main meals or brunch were all fantastic.
So I heard that they just opened and I really wanted to check them out. \n\nWe came on a Friday night. It was pretty busy but I think we got lucky and we got a seat right away for the three of us. I ordered the Sandia Rita. This was quite tasty. Not too strong. I also ordered the carne asada tostadas. This was good but a bit spicy for me. And I think they put too much lettuce on it. If you look at my picture it looks like a salad on a tostada. You won't be able to see any of the other ingredients on there. \n\nI thought the food was good, but it was really loud inside. And I don't like that they charge you for every little thing. For example, you will usually get free chips and dip. But if you end up wanting more salsa, they'll charge you $4. My fiancé also wanted ranch for his fries, and they wanted to charge him $2! What!? Our waitress ended up giving it to us for free. Now that's good customer service. Everything is really spicy here. My entree was spicy, my fiancé got the Fantasma dog which was spicy, and so was the salsa with chips, so beware!!
My girls and I felt like we were on the scenes of "Sex and the City" as we sat, chat, sipped on some mimosas, and ate brunch outdoors of Mon Ami Gabi. The staff here is very professional and provides great service and personal opinions of what dishes are good. I asked about the Chocolate-Bacon Waffle ($11.95), and the server highly recommended it and was one of her favorites. So that's what I got. Who cares if the combination sounds funny? The mix of sweet and salty flavor was superb. My girlfriends thought it was interesting too and was skeptical to try my dish, but when one was brave enough and thought it was good, the others followed and decided to give it a shot. Well aren't they glad they did.
Great place to play Golf.  Great greens and fairways.  Way to play is by using the website EZlinks.com. If you name your price you have the opportunity to play cheap.
Do NOT stay here if you want to have any fun at all while in Vegas.  \n\nMyself, my parents, and 6 other friends all booked suites here for our wedding this past weekend.  We have now found several other names that would be more appropriate:\n\nTHEbuzzkill\nTHEnofunhotel\nTHEhotel - where fun goes to die\n\nFor both Wednesday and Thursday nights we had a total of 4 people in our room.  No TV, no radio, no party, nothing loud - and yet we received noise complaints both nights at midnight.  Are you kidding me?  \n\nThursday night we decided to head up to the Foundation room to grab a drink and the overly pretentious snots at the front door took a look down their noses at us and said "we can let you up now, but we may have to ask you to leave later".  For wearing jeans and a shirt?  Regardless of the treatment we received downstairs, we decided to go up anyways.  It was a GORGEOUS view and the bartenders were great, but when you're asked to not sit on the couches because they're reserved for "members only" you really should have more than about 15 people in the place to make your snobbery a tad more legitimate.  \n\nWe did have a nice, big room - but it was quite dark in terms of decor and starting to show wear and tear.  The wifi connection was TERRIBLE - to the point that friends of ours got their $25\/day resort fee refunded to them for all 3 days because no one could fix it.  \n\nIn short, our trip was ruined for the first few days.  I will never, ever stay here again, and cannot recommend it to anyone.  Spend your money elsewhere.
First time here. The decor and service was standard. Came here for their lunch bento box, I ordered the vegetarian one and it was alright. I liked the glass noodles and potatoes that were in it. The best part of the box would be the sushi with the crispy edges imo. They didn't give me enough wasabi in the bento box, as I would be done with the amount provided in a hurry! All you have to do is ask, then they will give you more than enough. Would be back again next time I'm in the mood for sushi.
Aaaasssighyeeeeeeeee!  It doesn't matter how you say it, you just have to try it! Lured in by a groupon and a growing addiction for smoothies I couldn't resist! I walked in for a smoothie and walked out addicted to the acia bowls! A tasty blend of fruit, acai sorbet, honey, granola, pea protein and even veggies blended into sweet perfection! The bowls are huge and are definitely sharable, perhaps a bit smaller when taken to go. They are made fresh so it does take a bit of time, if you're in a hurry you can call your order in ahead of time. My princess and I love the chocolate coconut(made with cocoa flavored pea protein) & the peanut butter bowl(made with cashew butter). The Green bowl is a sweet surprise with fruit and spinach.  We've had the cherry& mango smoothies, so yummy! Our punch card is over half way full, after 10 punches you receive a free medium bowl. Thrive is a fruit filled blend of guilt free perfection!
I've eaten here twice now, and neither time was particularly enjoyable.  The food itself is fine; exactly what you'd expect from a Perkins.  I tried one of their newer omelets, and it was surprisingly tasty.  I had that problem where I was too full to eat more but wanted to keep eating...  The service, however, leaves much to be desired.\n\nThe first time I went was on a Sunday around noon, so it was pretty busy.  My boyfriend and I stood in front of the podium waiting for someone to come to put our names on the list.  When someone finally came, he first took the name of someone who had come in after us, like we weren't even there.  It took a while to be seated, but that's understandable since it was about time for Sunday brunch.\n\nThe second time was again on a Sunday around noon, but it wasn't near as busy.  Our waitress took our orders promptly, but afterwards, the quality of service plummeted.  My water glass was empty for at least 15 minutes before getting a refill, twice.  The waitress had walked past our table many times, but didn't even look at us to see how we were doing.  Our food took forever to come, and I understand there were five of us so that can take a while, but this was ridiculous.  And the waitress didn't say a thing the whole time.  When the food did come, it was warm, so at least the meal itself was good.  I asked for a box, but it never came.  I ended up asking for one at the counter myself to avoid waiting probably another half hour.  Overall, our waitress stopped at our table maybe five times total, and never apologized for the long wait or even noticed that we were pretty upset with our service.  In addition, several of the other employees were arguing loudly in earshot of customers, which I think is pretty unprofessional.\n\nI can't say I'd recommend going here, and if you do, expect to wait.
ICJUK makes me feel like a Rock Star with cool designer tees and designer scarves.\nBe a Rebel and say G'day to Claire Jane who will greet with you the happiest smile and a passionate heart!
I LOVED THIS! It is a cute establishment on the corner of NODA. They have a nice array of flavors and they give you the option to completely customize your order.
Wine and bruschetta specials on Monday and Tuesday rock!  Love this place! Great place for happy hour or to meet up with the gals....great for a date also!
This company did a last minute cleaning and did an awesome job. They were very fast and friendly, Alex was a pleasure and hard-worker. Thank you again for taking us out of that hurry! You guys rock.
After researching several stores, I went to The "In" Groove to do something I really didn't want to do...sell my vinyl collection.  Walking into the store took me back decades.  It was great to be in a record store again...I felt like I should be buying rather than selling.  Mike, the owner, took his time going through the collection, asking questions, and looking up a few albums he wasn't sure about.  He then made an offer.  I know that Mike got a collection with some real gems, and that I got a fair price.  I left the store knowing that my collection is in good hands.  Thank you, Mike.
Shady lying company!!!! I will NEVER buy another truck from this place again.
My second time going here first time I got a septum, this time I got my daith. Both times the main piercer was very nice and professional and comforting. There is a nice vibe to the place and the prices are decent. Highly recommend.
Every meal here has been enjoyable and fantastic! Always great service,get there early on weekends... The wait is  comfortable and worthwhile. Gluten-free options are amazing (hear the angels sing)! Love the decor... Only drawback is it gets a bit loud as noise carries well.
I had a 3:45pm pick up from Lenoir NC for a flight out of Charlotte at 6:25pm. At 3:20pm I got a voicemail saying there was "an issue" and that the driver was in an accident. I called at 3:45pm and was told a driver would be to me in 30 minutes. When I became upset the dispatcher put me on hold for over 10 minutes. I hung up and called back and another dispatcher told me the driver had a flat tire but a car was on the way to me for a 4:30 pickup. When I asked to speak to the owner I was placed on hold for another 15 minutes then told a car would be to me at 4:45pm. Since there are no other taxi services in Lenoir I had no choice but to wait. Net net an actual driver didn't pick me up until almost 5:10pm and I missed my flight. I was then told the original driver did not show up for work. My advice: take another Charlotte car service. There are many! The owner apologized and of course said he would credit me the fare after I insisted he did but almost 1 1\/2 hours late and consistent miscommunication is just unacceptable.
Taco Loco is a great little Taqueria, with a spicy flair!\n\nTheir tacos are amazing, chock full of cilantro, onions, diced tomatoes and lettuce, and if you go on Tuesdays or Thursdays chicken and beef tacos are only 99 cents each.\n\nTaco Loco truly shines, however, if you go deeper into the menu. The burritos and chimichangas are some of the best in town, especially if you order them with the more traditional chorizo or al pastor meat options.\n\nBe prepared to pay a little more if you want rice and beans on the side of some dishes; but then again, this is a Taqueria, not a sit-down place! And be sure to grab some hot-sauce from the little fridge next to the counter where you pick up your order. Most of the food will already be spicy enough for most people, but if you like your food so-hot-it-makes-you-cry, grab the red sauce in the transparent containers!\n\nBottom Line: for what it is--a little Taqueria where you order your food at one end of a counter and pick it up on the other--Taco Loco is a superb specimen. The food is spicy, full of fresh cilantro, and prepared FAST right there in front of you.
Zunächst mal, der Goldene Adler ist ein ordentliches Lokal. Aber um seinem Anspruch gerecht zu werden fehlt stets ein Quentchen. Jakobsmuscheln die man riecht bevor sie den Tisch erreichen, Rehgoulasch das etwas zu trocken aber dafür kräftig gewürzt ist und ein Nachtisch der auf ganzer Front enttäuschte. Alles nicht wirklich schlecht, aber auf keinen Fall den selbst gestellten Anspruch treffend. Gute Auswahl an offenen Weinen wenn auch zu happigen Preisen. Der Service war trotz des brechend vollen Lokals schnell und freundlich. Eine zweite Chance wird es geben, aber erst im neuen Jahr. Insgesamt ist das Preis- Leistungsverhältnis nicht gut
Toasted toasted toasted. Word of the day for sure. The toasted wraps are awesome. I went with the Thai Chicken and it was a great combo with wontons, chicken and a Thai sauce that had nice heat. Perhaps a little too much sauce overall. Side choices include chips, a banana or an apple. You also get a smoothie for $3 with a food purchase which is the way to go. The smoothie was not as good as Carolina Smoothies but better than The King for sure. \n\nParking can be a hassle of course but you probably figured that out based on the address.
This place was dead, but it was 1:30 pm. The server didn't give her name, but was  nice . We told her we were in a hurry, and got the chicken gyro quickly.  It was stuffed full, and tasty  though not very warm. The server nicely offered to sub Spring mix for the iceberg lettuce, which made it more flavorful. It came with a creamy cucumber sauce which  was nearly tasteless. I would put dill in the sauce.\nI would come back, and have this, or their wings (which are pretty decent). \nIwould suggest that the server  HAND the change to the customer. It's my pet peeve.
This review is mainly on the dining experience.\n\n2 stars for the view\n2 stars for the meal\n-1 star for the wait to get our food\n\nOverall we had a great experience here, we have a table of 13 and most everyone ordered the VooDoo "Menage et Trois" - 6 oz Premium Petite Filet, Half Cold Water Lobster Tail and grilled Mexican White Prawns - They all seemed to love it!\n\n I personally ordered the Classic Lobster Thermidor Maine Lobster with Lump Crab Meat with a Lobster Tarragon Sauce - which was absolutely mouthwatering deliciousness! I was full halfway through and couldn't help myself in finishing it because it was so rich and yummy! Huge pieces of lobster and fresh crab meat!\n\nA couple of others had the 14 oz Berkshire Pork Porterhouse with Forest mushrooms, Creamed Grits and Pork Jus - This thing was massive and well worth it!\n\nWe also had the Poached Asparagus and Lemon Aioli - nom nom! and the Crispy Coconut & Sugar Cane Shrimp - even better!!! \n\nThe wait time was a bit of time to get our food, but well worth it. We went upstairs and got a VIP table which hosted a beautiful view of the strip. I think this is one of the most beautiful views along side the Mandalay View.
Great hotel stay, from friendly reception staff to helpful housekeeping, super speedy valet staff, helpful luggage personnel and resourceful concierge. They've provided us all with during a wonderful stay. 4star on the staff alone.\n\nThe room was ample in space, clean and great views. The kitchenette was a plus but you do have to request for pots\/pans\/utensils. The coffee maker should have been made available but you do have to request and pay for the rental during your stay.  Great tub to soak in though!\n\nDon't expect a casino on their grounds but aria and bellagio is literally just a walk across back and front. Accessible via tram or short cross. The best part about this hotel is that you can bring your family dog!! Regardless of size!! Dogs were everywhere in the lobby, just not sure if ok in the rooms which I forgot to ask. I definitely would come back and stay!
It's like a permanent food truck anchored in a parking lot. I find it strange, but nonetheless I pass it twice a day to and from work; so curiosity got the best of me and I stopped here. \n\nI tried the croquetas--I found them gross. The outsides were crunchy, but the insides were like a soggy cream of ham soup; that is the best way I can describe them. The empanada was so-so; it's overpriced for what you get. I threw both of them out.\n\nThe burrito was pretty good; I got a shrimp burrito even though I thought I was taking a huge risk on either too little or crappy shrimp. Luckily neither was an issue. \n\nI'm willing to try the tacos or another burrito next time, but I would advise to skip the tapas.
To be perfectly honest I only been to the Sahara hotel once so when SLS was being made I really wasn't too upset like many people were. Of course the location is pretty messed up no matter what you put in this location. It's at the end of the strip and new and improved casinos are being built faster than a blink of an eye. Not many tourists get to walk down this far. \n\nI've stayed at this hotel a couple times. Once for a Yelp Event which was amazing. Shout out to Nate one more time! Another time was for Nieves D.'s bachelorette party. We got the biggest room they offer! And to be honest their biggest room is really NOT that big BUT needless to say it is a very nice room. It has a living room and a bed room. There wasn't a door separating the two rooms but where was a wall. This particular suite didn't have a fridge which threw me off because usually suites do. Also the smaller room we had at the Yelp event had a big a** mirror where you can light up where as this suite didn't have one. The walls are kind of odd as well because it is some sort of drape on the wall that has a vintage print on it. It's not wall paper but just cloth hanging on all the walls. The decor is very clique though. \n\nThe beds are comfy. The bathroom was nice. The lotion smells so good! Probably the best one I've smelt in any hotel. \n\nThe restaurants downstairs are good. I will review those shortly. Overall the hotel is not that big you can walk from front to end in no time.
WELCOME BACK BONEFISH! We missed you but you don't get 5 stars until you bring Grouper back.\n\nTito's Texas Martini may be the best in town and such a deal as well. We really enjoyed the Paco & Lola Albarino but it's $10 less a bottle at King's Fishhouse.\n\nWe loved the Bang Bang shrimp and Seared Ahi appetizers. However, the dinners were the real stars: Dorado with mango salsa on the side was incredibly fresh with a nice taste of the grill. Ditto for the Redfish special with Romesco sauce, on the side of course. Overall the food quality may be better than my memories of the old store in Henderson.\n\nA couple of suggestions: I don't think open bus\/service areas will ever be as popular as open kitchens were, so build a wall and add a door. It's ugly and distracting to have that area open to the lovely dining room. About those window shades, they're going the wrongway! Something is needed to block the lower part of the windows, to obscure the view of the parking lot and keep headlights from shining into the dining room.\n\nA few minor issues that should be addressed but great food and drinks at reasonable prices. Hope they stick around for a long time.
We went to check out the brand new korean grocery in Mesa. All the shelves are not filled yet, which is understandable being still getting everything set up. It looks like there will be other restaurants coming in the shopping center as well. Love the option to be able to shop around for cheap deal with all the new grocery stores opening. Can't wait to see if they can keep the price low with fresh products.
This place never disappoints. The pepperoni pizza had jalapeño pepper - best addition to a pizza. I was a little leery at first but it was fantastic! The service and atmosphere was perfect.
I was looking for a new vape store since my mod broke. I walked in and was greeted by Ashley. They didn't have the mod in stock but gave me a EVOD to use until they did get them in. Awesome service! Also picked up a bottle of Moshi (Made in Toronto) - Roncevalles and it is delicious. I also like how you can try their flavours before making a purchase! I will definitely be going back!
I think I have said this before , but Mexican is just not my favorite food, with that said ... maybe I should reconsider, but only if we are visiting Azteca. There absolutely isn't one dish I have not enjoyed here, and the best part. Home made tortillas , not mass produced cold pockets of reheated carbs, I really could see the smiling worker making these by hand near my table . Love fresh guacamole? Tackle the member rolling the guac cart around and  get your guac specially made for you here, wait, don't tackle them... I do not want to be responsible for you hurting this wonderful person. ;)\n\n\nNormally I order anything seafood related, everything has been seasoned just right and the portion sizes are huge, bring your appetite. Fresh chips with salsa while you wait for your food for free, and a tasty honey drizzled, cinnamon , whipped cream , with strawberry glaze as a  yummy dessert treat to finish. Could it get any better? YES, You must try the margaritas, especially the self dispensing vase of liquid deliciousness that can be placed on your table for numerous refills on your time .
Always have been a fan of Pita Jungle since 2006. I recently revisited on my trip back and I have to say I am still very impressed!!! Their Lentil Fetoosh salad is great! However, their Caribbean Salad is a must have, especially during these summer months!
Passed by it on my way to buy some stuff off of Craigslist.\nI asked the seller if he liked the Egg Works down the street.\nDude said he and his wife go there all the time, and they love it.\nSold.\n\nWent there, felt like I was back east at a breakfast joint.\nWill be bringing my parents there when they visit.\n\nI got a breakfast burger, and was very pleased with it.\nI was alone so I sat at the counter in the back, got my own coffee carafe and was happy about it.\n\nJust wish there was an Egg Works in the Centennial Hills area.
This place is solid! \n\nIt's not the best ramen I've had, but I can't complain at all. \n\nIt's a fairly small place, borderline cramped. I came with a friend and we had to shove our bags under the table as we were placed up against a wall with just enough room to shimmy between the tables to the inside seat.\n\nThe food came quickly, the noodles were cooked properly, and the broth was decent. It wasn't too expensive either. Solid for lunch or a cheap dinner.
WOW!  I called these people to ask a simple pricing question and the woman on the other end said they didn't carry my item anymore and hung up promptly!  No suggestions where I could find it, or how much it should cost at a good place....just a dial tone.  didn't think lobster was such a sensitive subject and when I tried to call back to talk to a manager, since she hung up before I could get another question out, without a goodbye, the phone was picked up and hung up AGAIN!!  So far they are shooting for really bad reviews with me.  If you are answering the phone as an employee don't be rude!  What a moron, customer service is not rocket science!  I called back a third time for the manager and what do you know; not available; I guess I'll just have to pay them a personal visit and trust me guys you won't like what I have to say.
I will be delivering at this hospital in March 2014. I would not like a C-SECTION. I will advised them on arrival date if it make sense.
Great service, a nice alternative for lunches in uptown. The owner is so helpful and friendly, gives great suggestions for mixing and matching proteins or sauces. Place can get packed for lunch.
Bon et honnête. Le chili est excellent et le corn bread, encore plus.
I was lucky enough to not have to wait in the long line at BurGr because I was by myself and sat at the bar.  I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and it was awesome.  Very well cooked and the flavors were great.  I also ordered a side of fries and they were good but definitely meant for two people to share.\n\nGreat burger but if I had to wait in the line I'd probably pick another place to eat.
Had the chicken, steak, & shrimp fajitas and it was DELICIOUS! DH fell in love with the spicy shrimp tacos. Server (Mandy) was quick, attentive, and friendly. We come here for the table-side guacamole and we'll be back again to try more things on the menu!
Never had a bad meal here. Fresh ingredients with lots of locals as customers. I had to get past their unique location- not your usual food for a restaurant attached to a gas station.
Okay so this place was new to the area and I decided to give it a chance. Shortly I realized my reasoning for NOT being open to trying NEW small food businesses in Vegas. There were about 5 people ahead of me and I waited 30 minutes for a "philly cheese steak" which actually turned out to be cheap, salty, fatty, Nitrate filled roast beef. No Peppers\/onions, no REAL cheese, they use cheap white American cheese and little hoagies. The guy making the food prepared EVERYONE'S meals WITHOUT gloves, nor did he wash his hands (not that it matters, he even swiped sweat off his face) and he was the same guy behind the Register touching dirty money! I tossed the sandwich in the parking lot cus I didnt wanna make a scene over 4 bucks.  NEVER AGAIN!
Have read many complaints about this post office, but just had a fabulous experience. I opened a small ecommerce store on Etsy and mailed my first sale today. The male clerk did an amazing job of giving me advice on packing and ways to minimize my shipping costs.
This is my favorite bar in town, hands down.  Whether in the mood for a dry cab or a refreshing mojito, this bar always delivers and satisfies!  The bartenders are engaging and the servers are friendly and attentive!  \n\nMy favorite time to go to Double Helix is at night when the lights are dim, but I also enjoy sitting outside on the patio while absorbing the sunshine in the afternoon.  \n\nNote: Double Helix also serves apps too!  My favorite are the olive poppers!
We somehow ended up bypassing the long line (thank you very much bouncer man) and I was instantly transported into some non-descript loungey yuppie bar. (Wasn't my idea to come here in the first place, I just went along with the group.)\n\nIf you want hot 20-something sorority girls complete with frats boys - this is your place. (and this wasnt spring break season - it was the week after the 4th of July)\n\nIf you want something with a shred of character - forget it.\n\nOh and the drinks are super expensive and not very strong. Go figure when you're in a tourist town.
This place is AMAZING! Very unique and different than a regular burger place.  The meat is juicy and delicious, and all the burgers are really great.  I always get the Magic Shroom, and it never disappoints.  They also have a cool twist on your regular fountain drink, they have unique options such as, Prickly Pear Lemonade, Mexican Cola, Blueberry cola, etc.  They serve beers in a big iced goblet, and have a full bar as well.  The different types of french fries are also really delicious, as they are fresh, shoestring fries.  They also make all of their sauces in house, chipotle ketchup, honey mustard, and ranch, etc.  All of their food is local which is also nice.  I went to Hopdoddy in Austin, TX and it was good I was SO excited when they opened one here!
Food is whack....don't know what Harold and Kumar were craving...don't this crap here...In-N-Out rules here...
I went there couple times, I think their Pad thai and tamarind duck are pretty awesome! my friend like red curry a lot. \noverall, good taste, good service, reasonable price. nice ambiance. easy to find parking nearby.
What's to say about Wonderland? It's expensive, it's touristy, and it's a ton of fun if you have kids! Dip deep into your wallet and let loose for the day. It's worth it!
We used Capital Cartage for our recent move. Mary came in person to our home to give us an estimate, and in the end it was close to our final bill. Our movers Rich, Randy, and Wardell arrived on time and were very efficient! I can't believe they fit the contents of our home into the truck, but Randy carefully packed everything like a puzzle inside the truck. Nothing was damaged during our move. We would definitely recommend their company if moving.
Another great lunch at full belly deli. They need to work on the look of the place but the subs are fantastic.
I'd seen this crazy mirage in the desert on my last few Vegas trips, wondering what the hell is that and this time after passing it on the way to Vegas, we said, "we're stopping on the way back to take a closer look!"  Well, before that happened, we ran across a display at the Aria that talked about the Seven Magic Mountains art installation so we got a little precursor to when we actually visited.  I won't go into all of the details of Ugo Rondinone's artwork as you can find out everything about it at the website: http:\/\/sevenmagicmountains.com\/ but, i will tell you that yup, its just like its described, some colorfully painted rocks stacked on top of each other.\n\nYou can access Seven Magic Mountains either coming from Vegas by exiting at Sloan, turning left and then right onto Vegas Blvd or coming from Stateline, exit at Jean, turn right, then left on Vegas Blvd.  Its in between those two exits and a parking area was created for easy access.  Be prepared, it gets crowded so getting photos without crowds is pretty tough.  I was lucky enough to have someone out there with all of the professional photography equipment that the website explicitly prohibits so I had to be super creative to get photos without people or umbrellas or wagons, etc.  But I did it, because I'm clever like that.\n\nOverall, its worth seeing just because its something unique, especially since it will only be there for another year.  it is slated to be removed between March and May of 2018.\n\nNo, that is NOT a mirage!
FOOD 3\/\/ AMBIANCE 4\n\nSuper, super average. Stopped by for a latte and the famous cardamom bun but was let down by both. Could not even taste the espresso in the coffee (but the foam design was cute) and the cardamom bun could have been so much more flavorful! It was so slight. The cafe itself is huge and very well designed!  Lots of variety in sweets and beverages.
I love rusans!!! I always go for lunch and they never disappoint. The sushi is always great and fresh. It's always busy but we usually get seated rather quickly. I definitely recommend it for people who are just trying to grab a quick lunch.
I am currently staying at this hotel for 2 weeks before the lease of my new apartment starts. This is a nice, cozy hotel with the conveniences of a full apartment. It's got a functional kitchen with all the necessary utensils on hand for cooking. The bed is pretty comfortable and the staff is very helpful. There is a pool, but I have not yet used that. Parking, laundry, borrowed DVD's, and wifi are all free of charge, and there is also free coffee in the lobby. Although there is no restaurant or free breakfast on site, there is a small pantry in which to buy snacks or drinks. Despite it's location near the Route 17 freeway, the hotel is surprisingly quiet. The only complaint is that the driveway can be easily missed the first time around. If this happens, you have to drive in a giant loop back around because it's on a one-way street. Also, the equipment in the fitness center is outdated. One of the treadmills was out of order and the other seems to be stuck on an incline. Other than these minor complaints, I am pleased with my choice to stay here.
Out of all the Famous Dave locations, me and le boyfriend love this location mostly because the service has always been amazing!  We probably come to this location at most twice a year.  Not to mention it's not that bad in price for a great an all-american bbq!\n\nToday, we celebrated the boyfriend's "birfday" (his request).  I called a few hours before arriving to reserve a table for 10 people at 6pm, and they couldn't promise a reservation, but they delivered!  We only waited a few minutes after arriving for them to set up the table.  Staff was kind and friendly, and apologize if there was delay with the food. We ordered 1 all-american family feast, a feast for 2, and two other people ordered an entrees for themselves, but it was a lot of food! They were even kind enough to store the cake and put a candle on the cake, since we forgot! Lol! We love the staff here,  hence the 5 stars.
Came here last Sunday around 10pm for their happy hour as part of my boyfriend's birthday after eating at Gordon Ramsey's Steak. The best parking would be to valet at Aria since this place is right between Aria and Crystal's. 4 stars mainly because I liked the atmosphere, it's the fanciest version of a P.U.B I've ever seen lol. With their extensive beer menu and 7-second challenge, I could definitely see this as a spot for the guys or any girls that really like beer. I'm mainly a specialty cocktail type person so it's not exactly a go-to spot for me. \n\nHappy hour: 3-6pm & 10pm-Midnight every day!\n-1\/2 off pints\n-1\/2 wines by the glass\n-$1 wings\n-$2 oysters\n-$3 sliders\n\nI loved both of their red and white sangria and my friends enjoyed the wings and oysters. One of my girlfriends said their sliders were alright.\nI still want to come back here though to possibly try their P.U.B favorites like their foot long hot dog, cioppino, smore's board and their lobster benedict off their brunch menu.
Terrible service period, since we don't speak taiwanese people that showed up after us got seated before us. They got their food before us, the place is dirty. We waited at our table for over 10 minutes before ever being acknowledged (I'm pretty sure it would have been longer if we didn't go up to the cashier trying to order), the table we had to run and claim ourselves. The yelp location of the place is completely wrong so a couple of u turns had to happen. Waited forever for the food after waiting a lifetime to even put our order in. While waiting watching more people who arrived after us get their food.  The food is not worth going through all the crap.   And the check was wrong.
really small portion size but it was good\n-fried calamari and okonomiyaki
Great location! They're always super nice and Quik! Good deals on food and drinks. Always a busy place.
Looking for that ice cream shop that takes you back to the "good old days", this is the spot to go to. Friendly people and plenty of old school candy options, you won't be able to help yourself and indulge just to reminisce.
Great lunch date for some yummy delicious ramen! Ordered the tonkosu ramen! Had some kind of pork flavor broth, 2 slices of pork and noodles!
Company came quickly and were helpful and friendly. Was back in my driveway within an hour calling for a tow. Great job. Would highly recommend
This place has great frozen yogurt. The staff is always very friendly. They greet customers upon entry and offer samples. There is a very large selection of toppings and plenty of choices of different flavors of yogurt. They have a frequent buyer type promotion attached to your phone number, if you want to participate. After so many purchases, you get a three dollar discount. There are also occasional promotional offers on Facebook. I use these offers when they're available because a visit to this place can hit you hard in the pocket book, especially if you have a large family. If it were not for the kinda expensive prices, I'd give it 5 stars and I'd bring the family here more often. Other than that, this is great business overall!
Absolutely delicious Thai food. Got the Pad see ew, drunken noodle, cashew chicken, green curry, and egg rolls. Nice sized portions, good prices, and they delivery quickly! Highly recommend.
My fiance and I just had dinner here and I was hugely disappointed.  I thought it would be great based on Yelp ratings but it was really quite expensive for mediocre food and exceptionally poor and untrained service.  The good: Great music, decent craft beer selection, NoDa location, private parking lot.  The bad: I believe it was our server's very first day as a server...ever.  No shadowing another server for training; however, just really bad service.  She was "nice" but didn't have a clue about being a server.  No knowledge of beers or menu in general.  She did not stop back by the table after food was served until we were finished with our meal.  If she had, I would have told her that the hamburger was overcooked as well done (medium well stated when ordering) and the dressing was on the salad (asked for it on the side.)  The french fries were hot but overcooked and a bit hard.  The salad was fine but for $11 I would have expected more than 15 kernels of corn and a single small goat cheese fritter.  The jalapeno balls were tasty but not consistent.  Some balls contained little jalapeno and lacked heat while others had much more jalapeno and were more flavorful.  The restaurant was rather humid which led to warm drinks.  When I asked the server, Stephanie, for a chilled glass, she went over to the bartender and then came back and stated that they didn't keep chilled glasses...what?  How can a bar not have chilled glasses?  Like I stated earlier, there are some problems.  She did go back to the bartender and relayed my irritation at this and returned to the table with an "iced glass" which was colder and allowed me to finish my cider.  So, while there is potential in this place, live music on Wed, etc. work is definitely needed for me to return.  The price for 3 craft beers, a hamburger, a salad without protein and a cheaper appetizer was $52 which seems excessive.  For example, it would have been about the same price at Bad Daddy's for appreciably better food, service and value.
We finally tried this place out after hearing great things. We loved almost everything, over all good restaurant! \n\nwe loved: the atmosphere, style, decor of the place. service was attentive, and our apps and side dishes were excellent.  and the server surprised us with a complimentary dessert at the end which we loved! \n\nwe didn't love: our steak just wasn't great which is always a bummer at a nice steak house! and the upselling was a little aggressive from the server, but i get it, just trying to do his job. I'm a server too so i notice when i'm being up sold a lot. \n\nover all good experience and we enjoyed the night!
Came here to meet friends. I had never been before. The waitress was extremely friendly and seemed to absolutely love her job. I had the pancakes (served all day). They were okay. I've had better, but I've also had worse. They came on a HUGE plate though, which was awesome. And the butter was amazing. It was some type of cinnamon honey butter. MMMMM. After we were done she brought us all gummy bear shots on the house. THEN she came out with their 3ft cotton candy tower. She said she was training one of the girls on the machine and thought we might enjoy it! Such superb service. Definitely pays to go on a non busy night ;)\n\nI would definitely recommend this place. The foods not bad and the service is amazing. Oh, and you can ride an electric bull! What's not to love!?
Great customer service. Highly knowledgeable and I didn't feel pressured like I do in more supplement places. They let me sample before I picked up anything it was great. 100% recommend this place to anybody looking to get real results from real people.
Great company to work with!  Everyone was courteous and helpful from the time I called to the completion of the job.  They explained the process, called the insurance company for approval, and did a great job with the glass replacement at my house.  I'd use them again in a heartbeat.
It was good! Better than U-Swirl and as good, if not a bit better than Golden Spoon. \n\nIt was really clean, which I am picky about b\/c well, self serve makes me cringe a bit to be honest..but all the toppings looked fresh and they were super neat, not all mixed together by people with unsteady spoons! \n\nMy son and I went, and while he is still a munchkin for both my Chocolate yogurt with mini PB cups combination and his Vanilla with "M's" as he calls M and M's it was $3.37..and I felt like I had a very full cup. \n\nPretty busy on a Tuesday night but not overally slammed...Yogurt was creamy..we will be back! \n\nThere spoons are really awesome too..not all flimsy, like really cool green spoons! \n\nYes..Im weird..deal;)
I'm not from Hawaii but having a huge API community back in the Bay, California we would have ginormous events such as these: Sounds of Hawaii in Mountain View and Tahiti Fete in San Jose are two that come to mind - make me miss home! But one of Las Vegas' biggest knocks is the lack of cultural diversity we have here -- so when events such as these arise its imperative for us locals to come out to celebrate and support our halaus, various vendors and community groups that put in the time and effort to put these dope events together. \n\nAccording to Nelson Q., this year's festival was fairly larger than last year's. It was well organized, great performers, family friendly and had enough food stands to have me salivating the entire time. Thanks to Yelp and much love and continued success to the Pure Aloha Festival's organizers. 10 years strong! Beautiful.
Love,love,love this place. My two year has learned so much in a little over a month. We switched from another local daycare and it was so worth it. As a teacher myself, education is so important and that's what your child will get here!
We got there around noon on Wednesday.\n\nThe place is quaint and inviting and I felt I was in Paris. There were 2 tables ahead of us. You order at the counter and seat yourself. They serve smoothies, crepes galette, and coffee. The patrons will bring the food to you. We sat at the bar and watched our crepes being made by Maggie.\n\nWe both had galette (savoury buckwheat crepe) each and they came with a side salad. Crepes we ordered were\nPolo - ham, blue cheese, fresh spinach and Flying Baby- tomato, mozzarella and blue cheese. You can add any ingredient for $1.\n\nThe Crepes were thin and light and flavourful. I didn't get a chance to try their Sweet Crepes. The owner, Maggie introduced her homemade jams and she mentioned her produce were locally grown at Gilcrease Orchard.
I have tried cupcakes here and there around Edinburgh and have never once tasted something that comes remotely close to the heaven that this little bakery puts out.  Not only is the cake of superb quality but the frostings are as well.\n\nThis place is a MUST visit if you are a true cake fan.  Even my partner who has little interest in cakes or anything sweet is a convert.  The shop boasts of a daily selection of 12 cupcakes and they seem to deliver.  \nApple Toffee is one of their specialties and was spectacular, the carrot cake was spot on and the Black Bottom cupcake was deliciously rich.\n\nUpon carrying my little cupcake box home, I was stopped by a woman on the street who remarked that this was her new favorite place and that they can refill the box for you on the next visit (to cut back on waste).  \n\nCuckoo's Bakery is right next to my flat which is a mixed blessing. Im trying to limit my visits to special occasions only (real or created).
!!! Horrible Experience !!! - The food was BAD ordered the Sea Bass dish as entree the fish was stale and cooked even worst. Ended up leaving the place just after the starter course which was also forgettable noting unique, authentic or safe at this place.   \n\nNever again - Bad food, bad service & an disgrace to beautiful Old Montreal restaurant scene.
I am always on the search for great style\/cut\/color at a fair price... I have just enjoyed my second visit to Toni & Guy's at Arrowhead Mall.  First, Kelly has done a fantastic job with the hair color followed by a great precision cut by Allison.  I would highly recommend their services.
Hands down best chicken wings in town great service. I eat here all the time and have never had a bad meal and you can't beat the price. Only bad spot is the men's washroom needs to be fixed up its pretty bad.
Kitchen closed at 9:50 on a Saturday, $5 beer in a plastic cup and no locks on the bathroom stalls. Not impressed at all and can get a cheap beer with at least a late night menu elsewhere.
It is crazy that I am doing this with friends. It looks fun but make sure don't do it right after you eat. Lol
Pizza was not very memorable.  Do not get the Truffled Mushroom pizza.  Can't taste even a hint of truffle, and the balsamic only made the pizza smell sour without providing any flavors.  The olives and pub board was pretty good.  Didn't try any wine.  Service was ok.  The hostess did not know how to wipe down the table; she wiped the table around the plates and menus that she just put down so when we picked up our menus and moved our plates the table was dirty again.
So I have lived in Phoenix for 35 years now and driven all over the place to hike.....  Now I live in Cave Creek, so I decided to check out Spur Cross that you can access just before you get to downtown Cave Creek...... So how good can it be so close to town???   We went this past Sunday and started off on an intermediate trail, which was just was it said, but then we were pleasantly surprised that the Creek was actually running!! They had boards over the first few crossings and then we had to do a little bit of boulder hoping on the later crossings. We went in about two miles until we got to the horse back riding stable (I think it is just a stop for their tours). Great scenery even if the creek was not running and even better that it was.......  \n\nSo on the way back we decided to do the 'Easy' leg to the parking lot and WOW!!  There was some of the LARGEST Saguaro's I have ever seen in AZ! \nIf you have out of town guests, and want to impress them, take them here! Its only 1.5 miles on dirt roads and the easy trail where the impressive cactus are is only about  mile so even 'out of shape' guests can do it. \n\nThen head into Cave Creek for some food. You won't be sorry you took the time to drive up there!!
I am a donut lover and live by my glazed donuts. If a bakery can't execute the most simple glazed donuts well, shame on you. And I'd like to say, shame on you Raised & Glazed. I think a glazed donut from Dunkin Donuts would have tasted fresher and better. I bought a dozen donuts this morning to give to my friend who is celebrating her birthday today. She tasted the donut and was a little disappointed by the texture. The donut was fairly cold as if it was refrigerated, the underside was crispy\/crunchy as it if were over cooked, and it completely lacked the pillowy texture. My opinion is, if you can't make a glazed donut well there's no reason for me to go back. I will not be going back to this place.
For my first time here with an Ethnic Dining Lunch MeetUp, I found my 3 taco lunch special (1 fried shrimp taco, 1 fried catfish taco, 1 shredded beef taco, all topped with diced tomatoes and cabbage), boring and unremarkable, not the 4.5 stars I read.  The bottoms of all 3 tacos fell out before I picked them up so had to ask for additional tortillas, even beans and rice, boring.  Server said the bottoms fell out because I put salsa in the tacos (I did that because I found the flavor boring). I think my fellow diners liked their selections better than I liked mine.  Guy who ordered the "drunken shrimp" (like a cerviche, the shrimp was raw) really loved his order, tho I thought the portion was very small for $16.95.  I guess I am comparing that price with AYCE shrimp cooked 5 different ways at an Asian buffet that you can eat for lunch for $8.  \n\nExcept for the lunch special items, I think the food here is kinda expensive for the building and area, and in some cases, the portion size, like  the actual size of the fish fillet on  the Veracruz order.      \n\nI might come back to try something else, but really I think La Santisma's food just a few doors south on same street and side, is much better in taste, portion size (not  talking about beans and rice!), and La Santisma is also 4.5 Yelp stars.  I rate LS's food 5 stars, highly recommend the marlin quesadilla (a large empanada sealed and fried), that I made 3 dinners out of.   You could make a dinner just out of their 16 kinds of salsa, in the salsa bar, alone.   3 stars for Mariscos Ensenada for the food.   La Santisma was on Check Please, recently, too.  I'd be interested in people's comparison of LS's food to ME's since both are 4.5 stars.\n\nI rate the service (we had 11 people at our table) today, when restaurant was NOT busy or packed, 1:30 pm, 4 stars.
Meant to post this review months ago, but got distracted. Great little gem of a shop with the most helpful service; they wouldn't take my shoes to repair because they said any repair made wouldn't last and they didn't want to cost me the money. More importantly, I had some leather purses that were in need of what I thought was a cleaning: they explained to me that it was actually the leather dye wearing off after years of use. Although they do not in-store dye because of concerns about their ability to color match these items, I was walked through the process and dye purchasing.\n\nEdited to add: dyed the purse myself, it turned out great!
Their food is very authentic and tasty. I enjoyed a number of various entrees and appetizers. I liked the drunken noodles and the spring rolls. I will return.
Every time we've been here we've had terrific meals. If they have the lobster Benedict on the menu it's a must order. The pancakes are some of the best we've had. We normally go there for breakfast and 8:30 seems to be the time where it gets really busy.
Very popular place, we showed up 30 min after opening for lunch and ended up waiting for an hour!  The place is small so it fills up quickly.   I was surprised when I asked for tea that it comes from a heated can!  Would definitely go again when I'm in town.   Place is a little small so it can get packed very quickly.
We've been here two times.  My favourite would be the tuna tacos for sure.  The tuna is lightly seared on the outside (and you get a good amount of tuna per taco as well) along with crisp veggies, crunchy noodles and peanuts topped with a wasabi mayo (which I always ask for extra  of).  Both times we ordered the tuna tacos and it was consistent on both occasions.  There are three generous tacos which we didn't realize the first time so we shared it the second time.  We also had the oysters both times (Thursdays are oyster night - $1 although they are a little smaller in size that when we ordered the regular priced ones).  Oysters did not come with the sauces or fresh horseradish as I normally prefer (only came with pre-made horseradish, cocktail sauce and lemon).  Clam chowder and lobster grilled cheese were both good.  Lobster bisque was ok, but I prefer the clam chowder personally.  As everyone has mentioned they do not serve alcohol and the tables are more like patio tables than true dining tables but other than that, I highly recommend the restaurant.  We don't live too far away so we'll definitely become regulars.
I had some time alone yesterday so I ventured out to use my Groupon.  I was aware of this place, but never stopped in.  I must say that the quality and overall taste of the tea in this store is by far the finest in the Valley.\n\nI am a tea lover so this store was quite a find for me.  In addition, they sell a number of tea related gadgetry and trinkets.\n\nThe tea selection is mainly sold in 100g packs between $5.00 and $7.00.\n\nMy only suggestion would be to increase seating and sell some mancha and other less common pure teas.\n\nA helpful and well learned staff.\n\nGive it a try.
Super fast and friendly. I brought my daughter's 5c to get the screen fixed. He told me 30 mins and it was ready in less than that. Really friendly. I would recommend this place.
Only come here for lunch or breakfast.  I made the mistake of going for dinner and it was horrible.  I remember ordering some fish dish and it came with a grassland on top of it.  I felt like i was eating the fish straight up on the floor of a savannah.  \n\nHowever, i did come for lunch and had the chicken and waffles.  I dunno if Snoop Dogs ever been here but I'm sure he'd agree that the chicken n waffles are BOMB DIGITY.\n\nThe portions are a bit ridiculous but it goes with their theme.  I ate half the meal and it still looked like it was untouched.\n\nService was good and quick, all the staff was very friendly.  I would definitely come back and recommend anyone to try it if they haven't.
Best place to have an amazing haircut and a drink. I got the best fade I could get in Montreal. My barber Daniel was attentive and very professional. My new haircut joint.
Food was ok. But for fast food style "Greek" food it's too expensive.  I miss the old mr. Greek restaurant.  It was full service and was the same price.
Heard of this place from a friend who recommended Kristine Battersby for hair color. First let me just say the location is great, tons of stuff going on, shopping or dining while you wait, the scenery is great too. Lots of beautiful people coming and going. \n\nKristy was super professional, was completely up to date on the latest releases from Loriel Pro. She had a full line of products and did the best color service I have ever recieved.  I picked up some product and was on my way! This was a great experience felt pampered the whole time.  Awesome value I will defiantly be back! Thanks Kristy... Customer Service is alive and well!!!!
Another one of our regular hang spots! ABSOLUTE best views in Vegas for sure! Good drinks, staff is cool and people are friendly. \n\nOnce around 11pm rolls around, the music gets cranked and people start up the dancing! We always have a blast here!
BBQ King (which was featured on Diner, Drive-ins an Dives) is my go-to for comfort food for those days that happen once in a while ... Bad days, good days, days where it's raining outside, days where the scale is in my favor, days when the scale has a glitch and I'm five pounds heavier, days between Sunday and Monday, etc. I love the BBQ Friend Chicken. Great taste. Good value. Nom. Nom. Nom.\n\nLocation: 3\/5\nIt's right on Wilkinson which is a pretty big, busy 4-lane roadway if not divided highway. Not the easiest to navigate into and out of but it's well worth the hassle and potential car wreck.\n\nAtmosphere \/ Ambiance: 3\/5\n BBQ King is an old-school drive-in joint where the car hops come to you car with your grub after you placed your order in a Charlie's Angels speaker-box. Think of Sonic but ya know, like back in the 60's and stuff. It probably hasn't been updated much since then either. But yeah, who's going here for a date? PSA: I would love to be brought here for a date, but that's just me. \n\nCleanliness: 4\/5\nSee above.The facilities are dated but my food has also been on point in terms of hair to food ratio. \n\nService: 4\/5\nThe Car Hops are cordial and friendly. The staff inside are likely as well.\n\nFood: 5\/5\nDear Little Baby Jesus, that BBQ Fried Chicken is amazing. It stays crispy even while slathered in tangy BBQ sauce. I can't string the words together that'll do justice to this culinary masterpiece. I love BBQ and I love fried chicken and I have become some what of an aficionado so yeah, I know my stuff. You will not be disappointed. The hush-puppies are legit too.
Top notch experience, once you get into the building!\n\nIt was about 8pm when when I finally got inside, and due to it being so hot, and employee passed out water and popsicles. I got some edibles, which were amazing, but I should've followed directions because my experience was a little outrageous.\n\nOnce you fill out the paperwork, and head inside you are immediately placed in another line to get inside the area where you buy. They won't sell you more than 98 mg of edibles, and I got a small container of sugary gummi bears. They were legit. I've been back twice in the last 4 months. Definitely recommend, but come after 1pm.
If you want fantastic chinese food that is at an affordable price this is the place to go.  I went with a friend and stuffed our faces all for $25 with included.  The servings are pretty big, and the service is more friendly that China Town and just as fast, if not more quick.\n\nTo compare it to China town, the food has more flavour and less greasy.  The atmosphere is more clean, and the prices are about the same and depending on the item possibly cheaper.\n\nI would recommend if you're in the North York area, and craving some good Chinese dining definitely check this place out.
POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND CRAPPY FOOD AT ITS OTHER LOCATION "DIVINOS". I will say the food was ok at this location, their other location is so gosh darned awful I would rather have a a bologna sandwich from tent city. THIS location slathered my sandwich with mayo when the menu specifically listed all it's ingredients and yet didn't specify that it came with mayo. When I sent a complaint by email, there was no reply. THIS is inexcusable. And do not EVER eat at their other location on greenway. nasty
I really enjoyed the side dishes they gave us to munch on as we waited for the food, which consisted of pickled radish, pickled onions and POPCORN. For some reason, I found the taste of the radishes to blend really well with the taste of popcorn (okay this may just me me though... don't blame me if you get sick). \n\nAs for the chicken, I ordered cheese and spicy half and half. I really liked the cheese one! Tasted like the ones I had in Korea. As for the spicy one I didn't taste the spice at all; wish they made it more hot. The only thing I'll mention is that I found the chicken to be a bit dry, and some of the pieces were a bit tasteless. Just a BIT so it didn't really matter that much to me.\n\nI also didn't find the price to be that bad, either. I mean they serve you a whole chicken...  Was pretty worth it I think.
The Donut House in downtown Las Vegas is a MUST! Their unique creations are fabulous. Their Creme brûlée RULES!
No matter which Mad Mex location you visit you are going to have a good meal and leave happy and full.  My favorites are the fried tofu appetizer, the shrimp and spinach quesadilla or one of the AMAZING burritos.  \n\nMad Mex is high on the cool factor.  Their food is reasonably priced and well made.  Their bar is stocked with great craft brews, including local fare like the East End Brewery, and they make some decent margaritas.  Their margarita of the month right now is an apple cider margarita with the rim sprinkled with sugar and cinnamon.  Come on, can you get more amazing than that?
First time here and I will be returning. The gentleman working the till helped me find the lamb shanks and was very friendly. I got feta cheese in a container that you can shake it out of. I thought that was cool. Prices seemed cheaper than the big grocery stores.
So that same water pipe they replaced started leaking again and we called them to examine it .  Even though 5 months had passed since the first repair, they repaired the leak again and didn't charge us :)  Thanks guys.
Another great class at this studio. Today I went to Justin's flow class. It was so much fun. He's an outstanding instructor, incorporating philosophy of yoga with very easy to understand instructions, and humor! Great music and vibe. Can't wait to take his class again. Also, coincidentally enough when I got home from class there was a card waiting for me in the mail from this studio! Signed by Ashley, thanking me for joining them there and giving me a 20% off card for my first purchase. Now THIS is how you retain happy practitioners!
Chris was amazing when I leased my new car. I had never done it before and they not only gave me a great deal compared to other dealers, but they went out if their way to meet my needs and provide great customer service. 5 stars.
My wife and I have eaten here several times now. We have really enjoyed the food and this is now our new go to place for Mediterranean food.  Really enjoyed the Greek Chicken Pita and marinated slaw.
First impression: I loved the feeling that I was descending a dark, dank stairway into a speakeasy.  As if I have personal experience with that?!  But I digress.  I really dug the atmosphere: very low-key, with mood lighting and plush leather sofas.  Good beer selection.  Scary-ass bathrooms--not to mention that the stairs leading to them are a total drunk trap.\n\nBut overall I'm a fan.
For real one of the best burgers...and for the price?? 4.95. Slice onion is a must. Paper thin and fresh. Hand pressed burger. \nBeer is cheap. \nThis a home style place. Homemade spaghetti and meatballs on Thursdays. This has a big following. The meatballs are great as well as the meatball sub. \nThey have a fried dough appetizer that is pretty decent. It's a savory and sweet taste. Has basil in the dough. \nA friend had the fish sandwich and it's a Pittsburgh style with large portion on a soft bun. Looked good. \nNot crazy about the onion rings or fries. \n\nThe service is great here. Tom is the owner and often the bartender. Very welcoming and makes the experience enjoyable. \n\n\nSix packs to go. \n\nI try to choose other things on the menu but the burger is just so good!
Very average Indian cooking. You will taste cumin and pepper on most dishes. No interesting flavors. Service is not efficient or friendly. Disappointed.
Good, fast service. Clean place and food was great. Best hash browns I have ever had. Staff is friendly and helpful and the place is ran very efficiently. Will definitely be back again and will make this a must stop place when I'm in town.\n\nPS the french toast was pretty kick ass too. ;-)
I love this place! I've been here on a crazy Friday night, a weekday morning, a weekday night, and a Sunday morning during a festival and I've never had anything but an amazing experience! I went here on my birthday and the food\/atmosphere was perfect. To be honest, my server wasn't great (she didn't even notice it was my birthday when she IDed me, or when my friend announced "it's his birthday!") but every restaurant has one of those. The burger Alfredo is insane, it's so good! Just watch out because apparently New Jersey moms frequent this place (probably for the attractive young servers :\/) I absolutely recommend this place any time of day!
Great Breakfast and Cheap. Smokey casino area.
Anywhere you can get trashed at for like 3 dollars isn't too bad. Perfect pre-game spot if you're going to have a sloppy night on Mill. Typical college bar with lots of ASU bros.
Best Italian I've had in Phoenix! The half portion of the pasta alla vodka fills me up and is usually my go to. It includes garlic bread. My friends love the steak sandwich. It's a cute grocery store with a lot of imported products from Italy. I also would recommend the chocolate covered cannoli.
So, it took awhile, but I finally made my way into Luci's recently... I was driving southbound on 16th street and made a spontaneous decision to stop by.  I'd done this once before, but it was when they were closed due to the fire at nearby Richardson's.  But, they are re-opened now, and they are still on fire... (this time just metaphorically speaking).\n\nI ordered an iced tea at the coffee bar and browsed around a bit.  I bumped into Ken, the owner, who gave me a bit of history and a tour of this adorable boutique-ish neighborhood grocer.  I learned that they revamped their staff from their initial opening, including hiring Chef Eric Guerin, and while I didn't eat while I was there, I will for sure be back to do so soon... the menu looks great; especially their omelet selection!  \n\nI could've spent hours looking around - they carry a variety of unique health food, vitamins, and eco-freindly natural products.  I ended up purchasing some vitamins (thanks Lucia for your help with that) and a citrus smelling Weleda brand natural deodorant (I hear so many bad things about regular deodorant, so I am going to give this stuff a shot).\n\nMy next visit to Luci's will be sooner than later for sure...  I can tell, I'd be a regular if it was a tad bit closer to home.
This is a tough one. I really wanted to give them a better rating. \n\nI ordered the shrimp tempura udon noodle bowl. Noodles were very chewy. I sent it back and ordered the 3 cup Taiwanese Chicken instead. The chicken coating was gummy and the dark meat inside was very fatty. It arrived lukewarm as the replacement for my previous dish. \n\nMy daughter loved the chef's choice sushi she ordered. It came with a California roll. The hub had veggie fried rice. He liked it because it was moist and not greasy. They shared Korean fried chicken wings, which they said were very, very good.\n\nOn a previous visit I did try the veggie bun with crispy tofu, and that is by far my favorite right now. \n\nThe atmosphere is mostly ahead of the food that I have tried so far. I'd probably come back to the veggie bun, but that's about it.
A New York Italian is the toughest critic for any Italian eatery. With its minimalist yet sleek atmospheric and a very fairly priced menu, this and place already rocks before you eat anything. My boyfriend and I shared the Arancini (Risotto balls) and they were some of the best I've ever had. We each had the Italian chopped salad for dinner which was too big for us each to finish. With prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, pine nuts and some chicken to add on - this salad was delicious and filling. The buttermilk basil dressing was phenomenal. Great service and a warm welcome from Brian topped off a lovely night !
So I came in yesterday right before happy hour was over. I love that postino has wine on special all day.. I had been into this location a few times but have never sat at the bar. I sat at the bar and the bartender that helped me was Derek. He was so attentive. He offered me a wine called verdicchio. Omg it was so good. I have never had a wine like that. I also noticed he helped a lady that looked like she had a bit too much to drink to her taxi.. such a nice guy. The whole experience was awesome and I love the chicken mozzarella panini. I'll be back soon and with friends
This place is so good. We first discovered this place just over a week ago and have been there several times since. The crab puffs are amazing. They are my favorite thing on the menu. We love all the food that we have tried so far. The fried rice isn't overly salty like it is at some other places. Also the sweet and soir chicken is mixed with the sauce, bit is still crispy. We have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for our food, even when we get it delivered. If you like Chinese I highly recommend this restaurant.
Even though this establishment is in the Epicentre it feels like it's in its own space. I enjoyed the two appetizers that I had (pretzels and pulled pork sliders) and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. I enjoyed my experience so much that after walking around Charlotte for a few hours, I ended up spending the rest of my evening back at Mortimers. I will definately go back the next time I'm in town.
Waren hier mit circa 100 Personen beim Kriminal Dinner im großen Saal. Personal war heillos überlastet. Unfreundliche Chefin sorgte mit ihrem überzogenen Komandogehabe für viel Unruhe. Getränkebestellungen wurden oft vergessen, sehr überschaubare Menü Portionen, chaotisches servieren vom Nachschlag, das Essen selbst war sehr gut aber viel zu wenig, schönes Ambiente
Driving up you'll wonder if you need a bulletproof vest. I took some colleagues here and one of them ordered a variety of appetizers and entrees for all 7. It was fantastic. Very tasty and fun. Try the chai tea. Yum.
Free WiFi: Excellent\nRestaurant Choices: Poor\nEmployees: Troubled\nSecurity: Very Smooth although it looks scary as you enter the line\n\nVery easy to get in and out of this airport, I like the funny person on the loud speaker, made me laugh!\n\nI wish they had a Red Carpet Club!
Love their fruits cake. The cake is semi-sweet so you're not sick of it after a piece. Cake so great with hot tea.\nI try their coffee jello today with the creamer on top, love it!!! Will definitely get some whenever I am in the area
This place has awesome food.  For whatever reason the chips are to die for.  I've eaten there twice and thoroughly enjoyed my meal, HOWEVER my stomach did not.  The first time I ate there I felt a little ill but figured it was my sensitive stomach.  The last time I ate there I was vomiting the rest of the night and into the next day.  Even though the food was so yummy, I can't bear to go back there.  Cleanliness is definitely an issue.  If you're willing to risk a vomit party later that night, then go for it.  The food really is good, why else would i give a place that makes me vomit 2 stars?
We were looking for a good bar to hang out at before a concert at Stage AE.  We wanted to sit down for several drinks before heading out.  One bartender took our beer order.  After a few minutes waiting, another bartender asked if we had been helped and we said yes, asked us what our order was and poured it for us.  The other bartender began arguing with us and the other bartender as to who was serving us.  They were clearly irritated with us and each other.  We quickly got our drinks and headed outside where a manager immediately stopped us and said we could not sit out here unless we were being seated to eat.  Although I could understand such a policy if they were very busy, but there was tons of open seating and she was extremely rude.  All of this happened in about 5 minutes.  We sucked down our beers and jetted.  We love Pittsburgh but this will never be on our list again.  The other bars around here were much more fun, accommodating, and fantastic!
Was REALLY excited to visit this place, as I fell in love with the German beer halls I visited in Munich (long communal wooden tables, "mas" sized beers and plenty of sausage!) Visited for the first time during Euro 2012 (to cheer for Deutschland of course!)\n\nWHEN YOU FIRST ARRIVE: You order at the front counter, then given a numbered sign to sit at your table. The staff will bring your food to you. And to clarify to the few complaining about the service: if you want to re-order, go up to the front to re-order food YOURSELF, or go to the side bar to pick up beer or wine. The wait staff are obviously willing to help you out, but they're mostly there to bring food and clear away dishes. The staff are friendly and work hard, so kindly remember to leave a tip at the front register.\n\nFOOD: I ordered the traditional bratwvrst while my boyfriend had wild boar. The buns were fresh and perfectly toasted, but I found the sausage to be a bit dry, even with caramelized onions heaped on top (adding some table mustard helped.) I will perhaps try the saucier currywurst version the next time.)\n\nAlso had the plain fries which were hand-cut, plentiful and delicious, even more so with the choices of 2 dipping sauces. I've heard amazing things about the duck fat fries (which some said are "heavy" tasting, but nothing like you've had before.)\n\nFACILITIES: I'm not a huge beer drinker, but my boyfriend was impressed that the bar had a posted schedule as to when the beer taps were last cleaned (which is more often than most places.) Plenty of wooden tables around, including a few cozy spots in the back, and a few in a newly opened patio. \n\nThey have a giant projection screen that pulls down at the front (blocking the kitchen view) - the placement is a bit awkward and I had a bit of trouble seeing over people's heads to watch the Euro, but I do realize that this isn't a sport bar (thankfully) so I shouldn't complain.\n\nThe bathrooms were clean, modern and tidy, and was surprised\/amused to see the stalls built similarly to the ones in Munich (concrete enclosed walls, with thick doors. So soundproof, that you could drop a proverbial bomb in there, and no one would be the wiser!)
This is our go to place for delivery in 30 mins or less. Pizza is great the wings are top notch an no one beats their salads. If you like spicy I highly recommend the philly sandwich with jalapeños and a side of aus jus. Yumm In this neighborhood for the price it doesn't get any better.
This is the first time I have had PHo since I moved to Pennsylvania, and thanks to Yelp I found. Gem in Pittsburgh!!!! I will be going out of my way from time to time to eat here whe heading to the outlets and such:-) \n\nI ordered the fresh spring roll and they came out and I tell they were super fresh and they tasted delicious!!! I mean delicious I ate two all by myself and dared my fiancé to look at them. The menu has a large selection however I wanted pho so I decided on the pho Tai:) basic bowl of pho with rare beef. The pho came out and was the biggest bowl of pho I have ever seen in my life! I guess the waitress knew I was joansen (sp) either way I ate it all, I could t finish the meat but I did murder the bowl of  pho!!\n\nThe juice was perfect the pho was perfectly cooked the noodles were not overdone not was the noodles were perfect!! To make a perfect dish even better they brought out Japanese I team at the end! Yum!! It was delicious just a different consistency:-) this place gets five stars from this three time Yelp elite and I will for sure be back!!!
Voici un bar plutôt sympathique et tranquille situé dans un coin paisible de Lachine avec vu sur le fleuve et la piste cyclable. La décoration de l'endroit rappel le bar français L'Barouf de la rue St-Denis à Montréal. La carte des bières, un peu courte, offre surtout des produits de microbrasseries québécoises et quelques bières importés en fut, toutes à prix raisonnable. Le menu bouffe, avec des plats d'influence marocaine et européenne, est inventif et différent de ce qu'on trouve généralement dans les bars de quartier. En autre, on peut manger différentes sortes de coucous, de salades, de pizzas sur pain plat et de sous-marins dont une excellente mitraillette (sous-marin à la merguez). Le service est rapide et le personnel souriant. \n\nEn bref, Aux trois devins est un petit oasis de tranquillité, parfait pour s'y désaltérer et manger entre amis, ou après une longue balade sur la piste cyclable.
This place has the most fun girls of any of the Vegas Clubs.  They are fairly easy going and (for the most part) willing to relax and have fun with you.  I have been to every club in Vegas and this is the one that I come back to everytime.\n\nI have had a stripper give ME money at this place.  I guess that is a story for another time.  It couldn't happen anywhere else.
I take all four of my dogs to Urban Style Dog. They don't spend all day, they are there and done without costing an arm and a leg.
Only thing good is the dessert, juice, crackers, pizza.... But I noticed the already made food is bad as in spoiled often.
I had to go in yesterday because my car suddenly wouldn't turn on.  I have a 2013 Honda Civic, so to me it's still new, even though it's 3 years in.  Figuring it was the battery, I took it to this AutoZone, as it was the closest one to work.  Stephen, one of the guys there, confirmed it was the battery, he priced me out options, and proceeded to change it there.  The service tech who changed out the battery, Sarah, was very helpful (as was Stephen) and knew what she was doing.  She gave me a good recommendation on prolonging the battery to make sure it doesn't over heat, and she was as fast as she could be, but she also made sure the new battery was in correctly and tight.\n\nThis was my first AutoZone trip out here, but I'd definitely go back to this one.
0 stars.  I never let anyone detail my car.  I let them and worst mistake EVER!!!! \n\n1. Threw my 300$ Prada glasses in the same bag with my metal hangers and car cleaning supply's.  Ruined my glasses.  \n\n2. Paid for shampoo and it looked basically the same I had to bitch about if to get them to take the main stains out. Beyond irritating\n\n3. Thomas (salesman) told me he would detail my car for 80$ since I got a synthetic oil change. Still charged me 100$ then said he never said that. Fuck this place.  I would go here once a month if their service was even Bearable.  I live on the corner\n\nOhh, and a year before that I took my car in for a wash and got it back with a broken fog light.smh
My husband and I decided to switch over our accounts and meet with a banker to get some general advice on where to go next with our money.\n\nFrom the get-go the customer service was excellent.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in the bank, offered water and made quite comfortable.  Three separate bankers approached us to ensure we were being taken care of.\n\nKen, the gentleman we had the pleasure of working with took the time to get to know us a bit, and even had my husband and I take a test to see how our priorities aligned.  We discussed our immediate needs, our longer term goals and how we could explore additional savings in our day to day lives.\n\nWe opened an account and found the process to be quite easy, and for banking, surprisingly painless.  We have additional meetings set up to discuss some issues like refinancing our mortgage or perhaps even new vehicle.  \n\nThis experience was excellent, and mirrors all the previous experiences I had when they were servicing a different account.  I am very glad we made the decision to move our money to Wells Fargo.  \n\n(*Full disclosure, my spouse is an employee, but not at a branch, or in any way related to the services we received.)
Beef was overcooked and dry. Chicken was basically the same, virtually no flavor. Waited almost 45 minutes for overcooked meat. Disappointed.
There were few power outlet bar give out.    Alot of samplings.   Very spacy.  The location of the event was good
I went for dinner Thursday night and all I can say is wow, food was amazing and service was awesome, I had white sangria and sangria rosa I believe was the name of it, my date ordered the lobster bisque and the calamari and it was to die for  \nFor our entrees he got the lasagna and I got the balsamic short ribs with creamy polenta on the bottom... the whole meal was superb. Then to top it off, our awesome waitress suggested dessert so we got the chocolate cake with vanilla gelato  it was the end to a very good dinner. Three things will draw me right back\n1 - the food is awesome\n2 - the restaurant is beautiful \n3 - service was excellent (I forgot the name of our waitress but she was super nice and attentive)
So we stayed here after deciding to come to Vegas on a whim. I don't have much to say about it considering my boyfriend and I basically used the room to change, hold our stuff, and we didn't come back till the next morning to pick up our stuff... What happens in Vegas, well, you know the rest. Anyway, this place is OLD. But it's kind of charming to see something old school amidst the shine and glitter. It reminds me of when I used to go to Vegas as a child w\/ my parents and grandparents. I don't know if I'd stay here and actually sleep in a bed only because I don't know how clean it is. It's just so old so as far as upkeep goes, it's pretty... Well, I'd compare the rooms to a motel you found on the side of the freeway. No actual restaurants in the place (at least I don't think). And the tattoo shop said they were open twenty-four hours but when we went in at 3:30 in the morning to get our tattoos done, they were closed! So we had to take a cab to one that was open... Hehehehe.\nI like the location. It's a quick $8.00 cab ride to just about anywhere on the strip. And they have that monorail stop there so that was convenient for the morning after when my feet was just not up to walking anymore and we didn't want to bother with a cab. The monorail is a real nice way to bounce around and sight see the town as well. Overall, kinda sad to know the Sahara will be no more in May, but it's certainly has it's fun... I'm sure.
Oh my cheesy goodness! We had Meat Lovers and Angry Bacon, and it so hit the spot. A small was more than enough for a lunch. Crispy cheese on top with the creamy cheese with the mac was a great, well balanced combination. There wasn't a lot of meat, but it was enough to keep the meaty flavour throughout. Veggies and spices were also done in good balance, complementing the mac and cheese, not overpowering it. \n\nThe only down side was a lack of places to eat: there were a couple of stand up tables for the whole arcade.
My first experience here was poor as the wait was very long. In all fairness, they had only just opened and they were exceptionally busy and they did not have the staff to handle the demand. I went back - although I told myself I never would - as I really want this place to be good. My second visit was much better. Our server was very knowledgeable and professional and the food was good. I have updated my rating from one star to three as this represents an average of my two experiences. I'll likely go back but I'm not ready to recommend this place to out-of-town folks just yet!!!
Came in time for happy hour\n\nOrdered:\n\nDozen $1 HH oysters - these were fresh, nice and cold, but were so small and not very filling. We decided to order more oysters of a different variety.\n\n6 blue point oysters $1.50 ea. - get these! These oysters lived a very good life lol! Very big and juicy.\n\nAmberjack crudo HH - server described it like yellowtail. Sashimi had a more firm texture but was delicious. ponzu salsa was amazing, wish I had this sauce to drench my oysters in lol\n\nSpicy yuzu wings HH 5 pcs. - very good. The wings were gigantic and crispy. Wasn't spicy to us at all. The pickled veggies were great with it. They were a little overcooked, some of the meat was dry but I'd rather overcooked than undercooked lol\n\nMiso honey ice cream $3\/one scoop - we weren't gonna get dessert but thank goodness our server told us about their house-made ice cream flavors. We were like,  'whaaaat?' when we heard about this flavor and just had to try it out. It reminded me of salted caramel. BF thought it was a little too salty but I loved it.\n\nWill definitely be back!
I was able to order my paint over the phone.. The rep gave me a time when it would be available, and it was waiting for me when I arrived..They even carried it out to the car for me.
I wish it was closer to home. The best breakfast I've had in a long time. I ordered the southwest chicken fried steak. Instead of gravy they smother it in pork green chile it was delicious. My wife ordered juevos rancheros it looked great. Highly recommend.
This place has potential. I'm not sure but it seems the menu may have changed going by past reviews. It is more of a bar menu and nothing out of the ordinary like in past reviews. I had the grilled chicken sandwich. It was cooked, hot, and very good. The fries weren't bad either. My habana had the Philly cheesesteak sliders and while he enjoyed them, I was disappoint their was only ONE small slice of thin beef on them. He said they tasted good. I ordered a sangria and it was passable but tasted mostly like white zin. The service was a little slow but everyone was polite and always busy. This place has serious potential.  I think it is too big a space for what they are using it for. It's weird. If you go there, you will understand. We are staying at Tahiti village next door and after traveling all day and being tired, this was our best option.
Just took my American escimo dog there. Got a perfect haircut. Probably the best of all. Defenantly come back. Very friendly stuff. My puppy back k very happy.   Recommending to everyone. Also selling food, toys, clothes etc.
One of my most fav places. Their T-bone is the best. The owner- Mahmood is a very nice and humble person, so are his employees. Starting with their complementary soup, then meat platters with green chilli hot sauce, a sip of mango\/ grapefruit juice, and lastly a cup of refreshing tea... All together, an awesome experience every time we go there.
Excellent lobster for a reasonable price!  We ordered the lobsicle (fried lobster in a tempura batter), lobster mac and cheese, and fries...worth every bite!  One star off for being in a location next to Fat Tuesday, a little hard to eat in their dining area with a long line for margaritas next to you.  Also, the lobsicle would have been great if there was more meat on it or perhaps 2 skewers, looked kinda small in my to go box.  However you like it, lobster you and Lobster ME!
ALWAYS have a great experience here! Ben and\/of Jorge are usually always here to greet me and talk me into a wax job. And the guys do an amazing job drying and cleaning my car. I live in Summerlin and it's worth the drive!
First off- painfully slow service. \n\nSecondly- my girlfriends coffee creamers curdled in her coffee. When told about this our server just told her to stir it it and that that was normal. \n\nThirdly- the place is a dump. Table was dirty. Silver was dirty. Water glass was dirty. It's not divey, it's not a staple, it's not a greasy spoon. It's gross. \n\nPoor service and dirty. I will not be back.
Stumbled onto this small place after a long flight from the states. First of all they play 90 hip hop for the win!\n\nOrdered fries to be later told that they ran out. Server freaked out as this seems to be a very popular dish at the restaurant. Short rib entree was great and would definitely recommend.
Thank you to Weston and assistant for replacing my broken garage door springs.  They were able to get out within the same day I called.  No nonsense work ethic.  No nonsense pricing.  \nWe're glad to be repeat customers.
Stayed there Dec.14-20 in the Monaco Suite..We had no issues with the room,it was clean,neat,and a very comfy bed!  From the check in with Jessica and the check out with Eric the staff was great and were very nice and helpful...The only issue and its minor is the towels they have, could use some Downey or some sort of fabric softner...We were 18 floors up,had no issues with construction noise...The Pub was good..Loved Sambalatte..Buffet was ok,not bad..Casino is nice,and not too overwhelming and not to smokey!..Loved the Minus 5 bar,great staff had a blast for my birthday....plus you can't beat the location of the hotel and once they get it all fixed up this will be even better place to stay....We will be back!!
Best barbershop in the area! Affordable price! Highly recommend! Great place very knowledgeable and friendly!
I find myself always slowing when I walk past this place as I used to be SO intrigued by it?! What looks like an apparently 'nameless' restaurant on George IV Bridge....... with a lovely chalk lunch menu outside and what looks like a lovely air-y space inside.\n\nI ended up *finally* getting to go to the Outsider as a wee treat before leaving Edinburgh, and I gotta say it was the perfect choice!!! This place is elegant but laid back, the food has a good modern twist but it presented a little slap-dash and slightly rustic which I quite liked. The service is friendly and I found myself wishing I had come here more before leaving!\n\nMy Pigeon with Serrano Ham with a mix of beans and beetroot salsa was heavenly!!!? I only wish I had been a little more hungry and had some starter and dessert! From what I can gather the menu seems to change very frequently which I think is fab. I would definitely go again for dinner and I have heard that the lunch offer is ace!
I've been going back to Vince regularly each week for the past month and I've decided to upgrade it by one star because the service has improved since I last reviewed the restaurant.  I find that going early in the morning when the restaurant opens is the best time to go. It's not so busy at that hour and service tends to be more attentive.  If you go often enough and the waiters recognize you, they will obviously treat you better.  I still think the dim sum here is good.  I recommend the shrimp dumpling in papaya soup and their rice noodle rolls. Sometimes the latter is hit or miss, but generally, I find that Vince makes one of the best rice noodle rolls in town!  The skin is thin and wrapped tightly around the contents, which is how rice noodle rolls are supposed to be made.  So what made me come back to Vince in the first place?  I was looking for a restaurant that's nice and quiet on a weekend morning and this place doesn't really get busy until 10:00 AM, and what brought me back a second and third time is that the service gradually improved with each visit.  Most of all, I can yum cha for hours and they won't rush me.
Finally had my first Cronut!!!!! OMG YUM!!!!! Thank you America for these lovely pastries! We tried the original and the lemon and they were both delicious. And they better be for $3.50 a Cronut. I will most def be coming back for more.
Such an awesome show!!! I love all music and was the only reason why I opted to watch this show with family. I was born in the 80's and wasn't sure how much I'd like it. Before the show I only knew very little about music in the 60's to 80's, the typical Journey, Koss etc songs. After the show, I left that theater with a greater appreciation of classic rock and learned a lot of its history!!! I was literally blown away by the musicians and the sound system! Some musicians are former memebers of some of most classic bands. We got their signatures after the show too! They had so many amazing instruments! I really enjoyed the slide show and reading the history and tibits on the different songs. If it weren't for a couple of 10 year old boys watching the show with their parents, my husband and I woukd have been the youngest attendees lol. Definitely recommended. You won't be disappointed!
I've been in line for an hour and a half waiting to be seated at the buffet. There are approximately 20 open tables that have been "closed" for the evening, despite the buffet line going around the corner. This food better be damn good.
I wish I can give 0 stars to this location. The manager here is extremely rude and condescending. If you tell her the equipment is broken she will deny it and say "no it's not.. go check again".... which most of the time there is at least two-three machines broken plus-the accessories on the working machines are broken. She doesn't listen to complaints and offers absolutely no help to guests here at all. She boasts about how she's been a manager for years and years here, but never works out here to know what is wrong with the gym equipment.
This place is good at serving drinks. \n\nThis is the first time I've eaten at this pub for a group lunch and decided to order a simple dish - chicken fingers and yam fries. How could anyone mess up that order? Well first they took forever with the food order and then they serve it with sour cream, not plum sauce. Sweet potato fries were soggy and salty but chicken fingers were what I expected.\n\nOverall, this pub lacks speed and quality unless you are only consuming beer with a large group.\n\nDo yourself a favour and check out the smaller King George pub in the next plaza (next to the Wendys)
Came here on a Friday night.  Had the calmar, half chicken and gyro pitas and the house white wine...all were amazing!  Maybe a bit too much sauce in the pita but no biggie.  Cost 65$ in total and we were beyond satisfied.  Friendly service too, highly recommended for a cheaper night out.
This is my favorite Benihana location I have been to simply for the decor. They are all dressed in kimonos and the place has fountains and fish in a pond its truely beautiful. I love coming here with my girlfriend for a date night or to celebrate a birthday. I wish all benihana locations were like this! The prices are a bit higher than other Benihana restaurant but the service id far better! It is in the Westgate hotel so there is lots of parking available.
DO NOT GO THERE!!!! Giving a rating of one star is way too much for the horrible service you get there. I signed up few months ago and the trainer I was "supposed"to meet up with was never available and the one time I ran into him at the gym he was too busy texting away not even engaged with the conversation. The "owner" Jay, by far the worst owner. His lack of customer service and knowledge of how to run his business is pathetic! I was charged multiple times for the membership after I had given my 30day notice to cancel and when I reached out to the owner for resolution on reimbursing my money he said he would call me back within an hour. 4 hours went by no call from the owner,when I called him back he was so rude,unprofessional and incompetent to resolve the matter. He tried to rush me off the phone and said he would call me back (yeah right!) Once I told him I was going to report him to the BBB he then said he will look into it and email me receipt. Still nothing. BBB got a nice report from me and couple other clients that used to go with me and are just as dissatisfied with their lame service.\n Bottom line this place is not worth it in a lot of different aspects. The owner clearly has no idea how to keep clients or even hire professional trainers. Dont go there unless u wanna be ignored and mess with your bank account!
I came to the Henry for the first time last weekend on my birthday. We showed up without a reservation and there was an hour wait but we were able to be seated right away at a community table even though there was four of us. We ordered a bottle of champagne and one of my friends ordered a bloody Mary from the bloody Mary cart which was freaking awesome. The bloody Mary cart had six different infused vodka is to choose from and a bunch of garnishes. The guy making the bloody Mary was really cool and even went and got fresh bacon for my friend. My friend and I shared the caramel apple French toast and the avocado toast. Both were absolutely amazing. I also got a free dessert for my birthday, a peanut butter molten cake that was brought out with a candle. I will definitely be back again for brunch!!
This was an unexpected surprise coming from my eleven year old daughter requesting to eat here.  Several days earlier I was online reading the menu and mentioned out loud some entrees offered. Little did I know she heard me and before I knew it we were eating lunch (served until 3:00pm, closed all day Sunday) at a great Thai\/Japanese restaurant.  A kids menu (12 and under for $5.95) is available and she ordered the sweet and sour chicken with fluffy fried rice. She devoured every piece of chicken and grain of rice!  I ordered Teriyaki Chicken from the Japanese Lunch combination menu. All adult entrees include Miso Soup, Green Salad and choice of rice. My entree included four pieces of California Roll and all I can say is the rolls were fresh and tasty...the best I've had in the Metropolitan Phoenix area. My daughter loved the California Rolls too which says alot coming from a child.  My chicken was tender and cooked with just enough teriyaki sauce...not to sweet.  Fried rice is my favorite and was just so fluffy and flavorful I couldn't put my fork down.  The menu offers a wide variety of entrees, specials and Japanese rolls to please any age palate.  Oh, by the way, if you've never tried "Larb" (listed on the menu under Salads) I highly recommend you do.  I've been eating this salad as an appetizer (most likely will serve four diners) for the past twenty years throughout the United States...other Thai restaurants will list this salad as "Lahb". It is such a unique flavored dish. Go ahead, be a little bit daring and try it.  Na Rai is head to head with another Thai restaurant we love and a thumbs up on our palates!
Front desk was very polite, professional, & helpful. Cody (therapist) was great! He really focused on my areas of concern. It was also very relaxing & enjoyable! I would definitely use him again!
Frankly, the only reason anyone stops here is because they have a monopoly on fast food in town. If you put any other fast food chain up against McDonald's in Mon City, perhaps things would be better. They are slow, frequently mess up orders and often rude. \n\nTruly terrible. I don't know why they've been allowed to monopolize this town's business, but it's gone on for far too long!
I bought a few cars for family members and myself over the last few decades.  A recent car purchase at Stouffville Hyundai was the smoothest, most efficient and least stressful.  The biggest contributing factor was the sales team that handled the transaction.  First and foremost, salesperson Barbara Wood arranged 2 cars for me to test drive.  She highlighted the features and differences between the 2 models during the test drive.  I stepped into the showroom expecting to receive a promotional retail rebate (per newspaper ad) and an APA rebate between Hyundai Canada, the manufacturer, and a professional association that I belong to.  She agreed to honour both rebates.  During the negotiation process, Barb helped me to negotiate a fair deal that was profitable to the dealership and would fit my budget (I changed to a lower model to accommodate my budget constraint).  Barb Wood is so knowledgeable, friendly, helpful, down-to-earth, and full of positive energy; I would buy my next car from her in a heartbeat.\n\nMy attitude going in was I just wanted a fair transaction, not to make a dealership lose money or allow myself to be ripped off.  Luckily, the sales team I dealt with was agreeable to my attitude (and that was so refreshing).  Aside from Barb, the team included Darren Doner, the General Manager, and Jim Spicer, the New Cars Sales Manager.  Darren is the coolest general manager.  He is instrumental in agreeing to the 2 rebates that I mentioned above.  Jim assisted in locating the model and colour I wanted.  He researched the whole Canada for me.  \n\nThe sales team at Stouffville Hyundai is a great team to deal with.  I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in buying a Hyundai.
When I want Mexican, I go here. Hands down the best spot in Cleveland.\n\nAs a regular, I tend to get the lettuce cup tacos or a bowl as a healthy option but when I to indulge, I get the chimichanga. It's basically a fried burrito and it's phenomenal. I love the chicken tinga. If you get tacos, you can get different types of meat. And I could spend the rest of my life eating their house salsa.\n\nFor the vegetarians out there, you will not go hungry - there are lots of delicious options.
I must have come on a "off day" because the dim-sum was mediocre and the service was exceptionally bad at Rol San. We waited to be seated for 30 minutes, even though there was no line when we arrived. The attendant ignored us in favour of waving in Chinese speakers which was especially frustrating. The food itself was greasy and sub-par compared to my previous dim-sum experiences. We ordered deep-fried squid tentacles which were dripping in oil, and chewy, indicating they were probably frozen. The traditional dumplings (har gow, etc.) were decent, but wrapped in a very thick dumpling wrapper that was less palatable than the wrapper at comparable restaurants. Considering the prices, it wasn't awful, but it was certainly greasy, unsophisticated and mediocre.
Loved this place! Love the atmosphere. Staff very friendly and nice. \n\nHad the tonkontsu ramen with mushrooms and bok choy. Very flavorful. Mushrooms seemed like there were sautéed almost for a steak. Would go again minus mushrooms. Maybe replace with marinated shiitake! Yum! \n\nWill go again though.
Were in the area waiting to meet up with friends for dinner so decided to drop by to get some ice cream\n\nThe place is small but feel very cosy and welcoming. For the ice cream, there are two flavours: purple sweet potato and green tea. I only picked single flavour $3.50 because I wanted to taste the purple sweet potato by itself but you have an option to get the twist swirl\n\nIt was my first time eating ice cream with rice Krispies and I really like it!! They were super crunchy and added a toasted flavour to the ice cream. However I couldn't really taste the purple sweet potato and it was more to the milky side. It was still good ice cream, just not what I expected\n\nDon't forget to grab a bag of house-made taro chips. When I got there a new batch was being made and they were still warm. I really enjoyed these chips!\n\nWould love to go back and try their Chicken Katsu burger and grab some more taro chips!
Great restaurant in the Linq outside strip with prices that were reasonable. We stopped by after a work trade show on a Tuesday. The atmosphere is nice. It's situated by the Linq high roller wheel. Nice outdoor space with a view. \n\nThe place was packed and there was a wait of about 30 mins but we were able to marry up 4 chairs at the bar.  If you love beers and beers on tap as well as bottles this is your spot. Everything from wheat beers to pilsners to sours. The have it all and are knowledgeable enough to walk you through what you are looking for or give you a taste. Highly recommend. \n\nAs far food. I ordered the ahi tuna with jasmine rice and asparagus. In a city that is so pricy and filled with food options it's nice to get s great meal at a price your used to. The tuna was cooked perfectly and the whole dish worked.  All in all after a few beers and dinner we were set. If we are ever back in this part of Vegas I would come back. Keep it up Yard House. \n\nCheers\nJustin
OMG, why did it take over 2 hours for dinner? The courses were small enough that they were finished in minutes, and then the wait time between each was up to 30 minutes. 2 out of 4 got their coffee after the main was finished, but the other 2 only got theirs after they had finished dessert and sat waiting. This is ridiculous for a restaurant not at full capacity. The waiters changed during the meal and they seemed rushed and confused. The QPR here is seriously lacking, and lets be real, the food was often over-salted and mediocre. Seriously. Canned chickpeas in a salad and 1.5 cherry tomatoes. I was so underwhelmed I would have left if it wasn't a meal with my boyfriend's family. \n\nHere's a little info for business owners everywhere: a poorly kept bathroom is totally gross. No one wants to go somewhere where you'll end up paying at least $40 pp and then use a restroom missing door handle parts, toilet paper and paper towel on the floor, and seats that are almost hanging off. \n\nDone, over, never again.
Rails and Ales is my go-to place. I love it there.\n\nThe best part is definitely their service - the waitresses & chefs are the epitome of good customer service. When they get busy it's a little slow on the service, but hey they only have one server (two on a big sports night) so you can't expect it to be that rapid. They're friendly, they take care of you and they make the effort to remember you. I love that.\n\nThe pricing is fabulous. As a broke university student, cheap food and alcohol is always great. Some of their food is about average but if you're looking for recommendations:\nPOUTINE - we're talking like 5.50 for a plate as big as your head. Love it.\nHOME BURGER - this is also about 5.50 or 6$ and the buns don't hold up too well, but that's because the patty is thick, and juicy. Great find.\nGarlic\/Cheese Bread and the Greek fries are also other appetizers I turn to when I'm low on cash, but they're sure as hell filling.\n\n10\/10 WOULD RECOMMEND.
Amazing customer service! The internet was down and the waiter let me link to the data on his phone because the international data on my plan was not functioning. \n\nI asked if they had a Pinot open, I would love a glass, even though it was not on the menu by the glass. They. Brought it to me by the glass & opened the bottle just for me.  \n\nThe food was delightful, fresh and full of delicate spices. \n\nA definite gem!
Horrible service. I sat at my table for 15 minutes after the host seated me and not one person came to take my order. At least 4 different servers walked by me and nobody said anything. The restaurant had maybe 6 tables, it was 8:30 pm on Monday 24 April. \n\nAfter the remodel I would think the staff would be on their A game to win back the customers that went somewhere else to eat during the weeks that they were closed. \n\nI will not be back, they lost a loyal customer. Sad
First time here was great it was just 2 of us. Went back with more people and the service was very slow and automatic charge for tip because a large group which is fine if the service was good  but we had to flag someone down to help us
Originally, we wanted to eat some Thai Style Noodle House.  To our dismay, they were closing in 10 minutes when we arrived.  So, off we trecked to the next Asian restaurant and landed in Pho Kim Long.\n\nOne thing about this place is that it's open 24 hours a day and I was informed that they are the only pho place that has these hours.  Please correct me if I'm wrong.  It was my bf, and two of our friends who shared this experience with us.  I never really know what to order from here so I had our friend order for  me.  \n \nWhen the bowl came my way, I was very excited as I'd never had it before.  I believe it was pho with some kind of beef balls.  There were other meats in there but I forgot to ask what type it was.  The broth was good without the extra sauces that people normally put in there.  When adding the bean sprouts, mint, and jalapeno's the kick it gives is a whirlwind of pleasures in your tongue.\n\nMy boyfriend ordered the fried rice.  The color was somewhat orangey-yellow.  We've never had anything like it.  Per our friend, the way it's made is the cook adds just the yolk to give it that sunshine color.  It's definitely different but I can't say I'd order it for myself in the future.  The other dish we had was a spicy tofu.  That was really addicting.  Normally, tofu doesn't blend well with anything because of how bland it is.  But, they added the right amount of spice to give it a pleasing taste.\n\nThe atmosphere of the whole restaurant was very relaxed.  Most people come here to sober up after a wild night at a club or bar.  It only makes sense.
I always go to Jimmy's when I want to get work done. It's sometimes hard to find a table, especially if the back patio is closed (if it's been raining, etc.). The staff is very friendly, the Americanos are just my style, and, on occasion, the music is just right.
Your typical Chinese Takeout.  Solid and good.  I always get takeout so I cannot comment on their delivery.  But they are always quick to make the good (usually 10-15 minutes tops) where its hot and ready to be picked up after calling it in.  Also, for lunch, you cannot beat the portions they give you off their Lunch Specials menu for less than $5.  Best deal in town.\n\nOne thing to note, IMO, even though for the most part this is your standard Chinese takeout, they do have the best Hot & Sour soup in all of Cleveland.
The place is bad compared to the Greensburg store they have a long long way to go.. Customer service was bad employees just didn't seem to care. They should be trained by the Greensburg staff.
Food was decent. Be warned. On the menu and it says that there are twin lobster tails with no further description. The two lobster tails come pre-cut and in a sauce. Not what I was expecting
2 star for the duck pond. Bring quarters to feed the duckies. (There's a duck food pebbles dispensary machine there.  Don't feed the ducks the quarters.) \n1 star for both SAKS Fifth and Nike \nNot to many stores. I recommend heading out there when the weather is nice. It's beautiful around the pond!
The classic cheeseburger is one of my favorite burgers ever! And the patio is amazing but everyone already knows that. However, the bartenders are 10\/10 times, a-holes. So, I try to stay away.
A great fine dinning experience!!\n\nI have been to this place several times with my friends and we all loved it. We got very friendly service with a smile and delicious food. They make their lights dim and light a candle on the table in the night. I love their veggie Kebob (posting a picture). I highly recommend this place to everyone.
Very good, but not as good as it once was.  A few years ago I would of given 5 stars.  Great oysters.  The cheese, fruit and nut appetizers are still wonderful.  When making a reservation, make sure to ask for courtyard seating.
If you want THE Las Vegas experience, go here. \n\nThere's no other way to put it, nothing else to add. It's THE place to be\/go.
Went for dinner. The only positives we found were accessible parking in NoDa and neatly designed restrooms.  The beer was meh. Everything is incredibly heavy on the bitter part of the pallet, and I say that having done a flight. The hops dusted wings were probably the most unappetizing chicken wing I've ever had. To make them even remotely tolerable, I had to douse them in sauce, and even then the bitter breading made me gag. The beer cheese was grainy, the fried ribs were like jerky on a bone, and the sausage had no flavor. To top that all off, service was slow, and we had to walk around to find a host to seat us. Normally I try a place at least 3 times before reviewing, but I can't stomach the thought of returning. I'm not the type of person who enjoys writing bad reviews because I'm highly aware that they are read by those who care about their business. That being said, I hope this sparks a review of the front of house and kitchen.
Took my dog here for daycare and had a good experience UNTIL my dog escaped one morning!  Someone left the dog door and outside door open. She ran across to the lumberyard. I found out from my friend that had dropped her off.  Luckily my friends found her the next night svared but unharmed in a neighbors shed. Happy Paws did not call to apologize or offer visits. I understand things happen however the lack of communication and concern bothered me enough to not return even though I still had pre-paid visits. I believed they were good people but did not handle this situation well.
Goodwill is awesome! It's spring cleaning time and this is the perfect place to get rid of all the knick knacks, clothing, toys, dishes, appliances, etc that you SWEAR you're gonna use "one day". I've donated thousands of dollars worth of stuff throughout the years and its proven a wonderful tax write off. When people come to my home, the first thing they say is "THIS LOOKS LIKE A MODEL HOME, YOU HAVE SO MUCH SPACE AND NOTHING IS SITTING OUT!" The reason for that is I HATE CLUTTER! If I'm not using it, it needs to go. Also, it's difficult NOT to bring stuff back from Goodwill. It's easy to drop off then be tempted to buy something else you most likely don't need. I'm glad to see this store has expanded their square footage. It keeps me motivated to keep donating and de-cluttering!
My girlfriend and I always try to have dinner at Mix in Las Vegas when we visit. Besides the great view, the restaurant has excellent food and is usually pretty quite so you can enjoy a nice meal without all the Vegas "characters." \n\nEvery time we've been there the menu has had unique entrees. There is always a few great fish dishes and other adventurous creations. A great place for a date night.
Fantastic food and service!  My husband and I both had the original Philly with Cheese Wiz and red sauce on the side.  He added a side of potato wedges and we both got drinks.  The 8" sandwich was more than enough for each of us and I felt it was very reasonably priced for the food you got.  I loved my sandwich and wanted to lick the paper when I was done lol.  The staff were super friendly and attentive and it was clear that they really cared about the experience and enjoyment of their customers.  We will definitely return for more.
Seems like a mom and pop shop at the bottom of a set of stairs that you might not even notice on a Baldwin Street full of different cuisines, atmospheres, and price points.\n\nPerfect day for Korean as it was a chilly September day (still don't get it!) At just after 7, there was only one other person in the resto, which I was a little surprised about. I'm guessing it attracts more people during the day and weekends.\n\nTasty free appies consisting of cold japchae, marinated tofu and cucumber, in addition to mini bowls of pickled radish and kimchi - good heat!\n\nTheir lunch specials are on ALL DAY! How awesome is that. Set in my mind was the dolsot bimbipap and it was the deal of the day for $6.99. No I am not joking. Seven dollars for a full stone bowl of hot sizzling goodness. What I was surprised about was that the rice was in a separate bowl, not crackling to crispy grains at the bottom of the bowl. Not a big deal - I just dumped the rice in afterwards, along with the sauce and combined it like a madwoman until everything was mixed in. Although I'm not big on meat these days, i have to say I was a tad dissapointed that the beef was very minimal, like pieces of ground beef and I thought it was supposed to be more like bulgogi strips. Everything else was delicious about the dish so boohyah!\n\nWe also got japchae (dinner portion) and added pork to it. The plate at first didn't look very big, but beware it is misleading and the lunch portion may been enough. The flavours were spot on and this is the first time I saw the noodles to be a little thinner than what I'm use to eating. Probably would result into quicker cooking time?\n\nThere is green tea and red bean ice cream for $1.99 although I was too full by then.\n\nI know there are many other great korean places but knowing what I know about this place, it's a place I'll come back to!
Vanglorious!  The Korean fried cauliflower was one of the best treats I've had ever.  I placed a second order for carryout (breakfast tomorrow).  Also appreciated the separate gluten free and vegetarian menus.  Great atmosphere.  Wonderful wine racks with glass that allows you to view the open kitchen.  Exceptional customer service, and a huge dining area make it a great place for a romantic date, or hangout with friends.  The restaurant boasts private dining rooms and ultra modern, clean bathrooms with black slate in the stalls.  Hilarious - signage designates how many more meters a patron has to walk before hitting the chic bathroom.  I ate the 500 salad (it's OK, great veggies, but little flavor) and Korean fried cauliflower (what, I never knew cauliflower could taste so good!!). Hubby ate the 5 oz. frites - good steak (though a little tough when cooked well done), salad, fries, and flavored lemonade.  He liked it.  We'll be back before we leave Toronto, although dinner for two set us back $95.00. 6\/28\/15
Heavy on the wonderful and light on everything else that matters.  Relaxed and chill environment and easy to be kind of place and in whatever way I show up and bring in the door. Great place to just be or to be with others and the folks who work there and reach back when I reach out for a healthy dose of genuine and real.  Awesome reach on Thursdays raw foods wise and by the creationistas in the kitchen who make what they make with love and deliver it to your table.
An amazing place to see a show and grab a beer. I spent many a Canadian Music Week and NXNE getting smelly here in the pit while destroying my hearing and missing many hours of sleep. If you go often enough the staff will start to recognize you, and they're awesome people. Teddy (one of the bartenders) has been here for decades. \n\nJust whatever you do, never, ever order anything at all from the food window. I do mean that.
This place is over priced and food is not very good at all. Didn't even ask how I wanted my steak cooked. Thumbs down. Casa don juans down the road is wayyyyy better.
Airports are a necessary evil. This one is not too bad. Weird that I set off the metal detector. Even more weird was that day, I decided not to wear underpants... that TSA agent certainly had her job cut out for her. Can't be mad, they're there to make us safe. A privacy wall, like a Chinese divider would have been a nice touch, when she opened my pants to look down I think a few customers saw more than they bargained for, those customers owe me a dollar. It was pretty fast though. Overall fast security line and a decent enough experience. I get the body scan in NY and nothing comes up... I'm curious if I was abducted in LV and now have a homing beacon somewhere on me... for now, it's a mystery
No thanks to Facebook and Twitter where people in the East Coast hear about In-N-Out on a regular basis.\n\nImagine my surprise that I discovered an In-N-Out in Phoenix when I thought they were only in California.\n\nMan, I have to say that their simple burgers are among the best that I've had!  Freshness does make a whole world of differences.
Carefree Smiles is an all around excellent dental practice.  Dr. Cook is exceptional - the best!  He's detailed, diligent and thoroughly explains what's going on with your treatment.  The office and dental staff are wonderful too - always patient, friendly and quick to answer any questions I may have.\n\nLike other reviewers have stated the crowns are made in the office so no temporaries or waiting weeks for your new crown.  I had to have several old crowns replaced that had cavities underneath, (besides experiencing worsening pain) Dr. Cook explained everything on the x-rays and the cavity removal and new crown were done in one visit.  I've had some of the new crowns for a couple years now and am very happy with how they look and feel.  Dr. Cook fixed a cavity and space on my daughter's front teeth and looks amazing. \n\nI highly recommend Carefree Smiles and have recommended Dr. Cook to family and friends.
I've had many excellent services here - mani, pedi, massage, and most often hair cut and color.  Mia is a hair styling genius!  I've never been happier with my hair cut and color!!  The stylists and staff are welcoming, polite and professional.  You'll leave happy!  And if you aren't happy, then speak up, Metamorphosis wants you to leave with a smile!
First visit led to mixed feelings. We went during Restaurant Week. The place was not crowded but there were lots of problems. This is a noisy place. We asked to be moved away from the bar but that put us next to a speaker. It was hard to hear the waitress.  Fortunately we left as the live music started.   We were urged to get the meatball appetizer which we all ordered. Three minutes later we were told they were out. Food is not delivered by the waitress but rather other staff.  Each course there was confusion as there was food delivered wrong. At the last course there was a missing dessert and an extra of another dessert. When we got the bill I wasn't charged for my wine and the other couple not charged for their wine but charged in error for something else. Food was not always delivered hot. The wine pairings were good. Food quality was not high in our opinion but that might be our judgment.
I like this place. It isn't fancy, they have good margaritas and the food is great (usually covered in sauce and cheese). Service is typically good, though it can get crowded.
Chic, clean, and comfortable. The rooms are top notch, not ridiculously priced, AND you avoid all of the smoke and nastiness of having a casino going at all hours downstairs.\n\nOnly gripe is the distance it is from everything, but honestly the quality makes up for that minor inconvenience.\n\nIt really offers a great respite from the rest of the strip. And once again, the rooms (or studios? as I think they're called?) are fantastic!
We had a fantastic meal here! From cocktails through dessert, everything was top notch. \n\nThe ingredients for each dish are carefully planned and it really shows. My favorite was the Chestnut Gnocchi, but other highlights were the Gyoza appetizer, the Smoked Mozzarella, and Spice Ash Crusted Rack of Deer.\n\nThe service is friendly, attentive and had great timing. The house sommelier was helpful in making a decision on what wine to pair the deer with too. The atmosphere here is cozy - we were able to talk and enjoy each other's company, just the right amount of "busy". We'll definitely be back!
Great food, friendly staff. About the best NY style pizza you can get in the local area. Eddie and Ritchie really make this place a good family neighborhood pizzeria - it reminds me very much of the kind of local pizzerias you would find in the late 70s on Long Island
After a movie at AMC, my mom, dad, aunt & I decided to have an early dinner here. I have been here a few times in the past but it's been a good 3-4 years since my last visit. I forgot that they have paper on the table so you can doodle on it. That's always fun. Our server was Dan & he was really friendly.\n\nFor starters we ordered the calamari, by we I mean my mom because she orders calamari whenever we go out. It was good & so was the dipping sauce. Their rosemary bread is tasty too, especially with a lil olive oil. My dad ordered red wine (not sure which 1) & I ordered the ultimate leaning bellini. Dad enjoyed his wine, had 3 glasses & I loved my cocktail, so yummy! For our entrees: my aunt-shrimp portifino, dad-aged beef tenderloin spiedini, mom-originally wanted lasagna but they were out for the next hour, ugh, so she settled for chicken scaloppine & myself-lobster ravioli. My aunt loved hers, dad liked his, mom didn't care for hers & kept eating off of our plates & I liked mine as well. \n\nNot sure how authentic their Italian is, but hey we overall enjoyed our dinner & would definitely return!
Fun but small...get your name on a guest list and arrive before noon.. We posted up on the edge of the pool... Music is 90% edm music ... Drinks are 40 for the big one.  I was looking forward to the view but all the day beds block it so that sucked.  It becomes pack pretty fast so get there early so you can grab a spot.
I'm not really a hot dog fan, but since my boyfriend found this place I really like them!  This is a family run restaurant and the owners are very friendly and nice. The quality of these hot dogs are amazing and fresh. Every single time I go there, I try a different hot dog and I am never disappointed. I see a lot of reviews mentioning high prices. It's $5.95 for a hot dog made with really fresh ingredients, stacked high and will fill you up along with either a bag of chips or a side of coleslaw. I don't mind paying $6 for a hot dog here because they're worth it and pretty much a meal in itself.
Very yummy pizza, wonderful alternative for takeout if you don't want chain pizza. Excellent local pizza joint that doesn't skimp on cheese!
Is there an option for "0 Stars!!" The name alone is a joke, really? Ninja City? This place is overly priced, you can get a REAL Bahn Mi in Chinatown for $3.........the staff doesn't even look like they're happy to be there. The food is sloppy and nothing on the menu is really asian flavored. Disappointed in how you represent Vietnamese food in Cleveland
To my surprise(and disappointment) the Springs Cafe at the Springs Preserve is no longer under Wolfgang Puck but instead now ran by the Culinary Academy of Las Vegas.\nThey did stay within the same food guidlines as the previous owner which is to continue to offer a sustainable dining selection.\nWe went during the Halloween festivities and there was a special Halloween menu which was overpriced and not really a good selection of items.\nI thought it was odd that the boo burger didn't come with any veggies - no lettuce no tomato, nothing. Hello, isn't this place is supposed to promote healthy eating? No veggies? Why?\nSo basically I got a bun, a burger (which seemed like it came out of your grocers freezer) and a slice of cheese. It reminded me of food while eating in a school cafeteria. Not $9.00 worthy at all!!!\nThe kid's meals also had those darn frozen dino nuggets and pizza sticks that you can find at Walmart.\nIs the food fresh here or what?\nToo bad about the food as the view & setting in this restrauant is beautiful.\nI know the employees are students but whomever is instructing them needs to step up his\/her teaching quickly or there won't be anyone to serve.
Food was very tasty.Excellent customer service.clean and pleasant.I will recommend this restaurant to my friends.....
This place has a lot of potential and hopefully will meet it. I love that we have it in Tega Cay. They have live music on the weekends which is great. Trivia night on Thursday and other specials. We went for trivia and peel and eat shrimp night. It was music trivia which was fun for the whole family. The peel and eat shrimp stunk though. They were hot and bland. NEED SOME OLD BAY, or something! The wings, salads and sandwiches are all pretty good. The wait staff is hit or miss. Some are forgetful and slow. Others were warm and attentive. I think the more people that go here, the better it will get.
Great selection of phones but the mobile customer service reps are beyond slow. I hate to be rude but they are obviously paid by the hour without shift goals.
I love Mexican food but this is one of my favorite places to eat period!! A few weeks back my husband bought me home  carry out order... And I was so pleased to see the portions were bigger with my carry out!!
Pizza Nova is my favourite pizza chain!   The reason why I'm posting a comment on this specific location because they always go above and beyond to make sure I'm satisfied with my pizza.  I always receive exceptional service when I visit.  The pizza delivery driver, to be of Vietnamese decent I believe, always shows up with a bright smile.  Can't say nothing bad about this location, rock on guys!
I'd been putting off going to Bogeys for awhile.  As we all know, it had some turnover.  It had been Redondo's and then NY 51 or something.  So when it switched again I didn't think much of it.  It had been off my radar for awhile anyways and despite the fact that it was around the corner from my home, I didn't much care that another "Pizza place" was resurrecting the previous places mediocre food.\n\nFinally I gave it shot.  And I am so glad that I did.  \n\nThe service is great and you will feel like you're at Cheers if that's what you want.  If not, thats fine too.  There are plenty of places to sit down and watch a game or listen to good music on their huge selection Juke Box.  There are a couple of minor "themes" running through the place.  Naturally Bogeys paints a golf image and they seem to be pushing a little bit of the Irish Pub thing too along with plenty of TV's for sports, but the real draw is the good people there and the wonderful beer and food.\n\nI had possibly one of the best burgers in the Valley last night.  The menu is extensive.  The BBQ Pork sandwich was also out of this world and the fries are the best around.  They have garlic, rosemary, waffle and one or two other great alternatives.  And I have been putting off the Killer Steak Sandwich which I have heard from a few is the Shiznit.\n\nSo if you are looking for a local place with regular people and great food, give Bogeys a shot.  You'll be back, I am sure.  Its sort of hidden behind the Jiffy Lube in the strip mall...so don't go judging a book by its cover.  The beer selection and food blows away all the other local bars in the hood.
The pizza dough is made by scratch and is local, thanks to MJ Bakery. It has the perfect crunch\/doughy ratio and is light yet flavorful. \n\nThe Meatball pizza is delicious and definitely one that I can't seem to stop ordering. The meatballs are sliced thinly and are reminiscent of meatloaf -- rich, hearty and well seasoned. I personally like to add ricotta, just my thing. Though beware, it tends to make the crust slightly soggy (I don't mind).\n\nIf you're in the mood to make a mess, order the grilled artichoke, I swear it's worth the price.\n\nSo happy that I can walk here from my house.\n\nThe servers are super friendly and not too pretentiously hipster.\n\nI do with they served cocktails...
We come here for our dental needs and love it!!  It's pretty modern, TV in every room and the service is great.  Dr. Sam is awesome and so are the assistants and hygienists!  I'm being vague here because I've had very little sleep and it's late.  Forgive me!!\n\nMy recent experience I had to get a crown and it was cool that it gets done in the office.  I could even watch the machine that was sawing away to make it fit in my mouth!  Sawing is inaccurate.  The machine used pressurized water.  How cool is that?!
I have been to Las Vegas on 4 separate occasions and stayed at a different hotel every time.  In a 3 night stay, I found a roach on 2 out of the 3 nights.  While the hotel offered a great rate on hotels.com, there was no notation regarding a renovated room vs a non-renovated room.  We were placed over by the "tour" elevators, and in a non-renovated unit.  The stay was mediocre at best and made worse by the roaches.  I killed one of the roaches and took it to the Manager on duty on Sunday am 10\/9.  I took offense at his attempt to make things right by "waiving"  one night's reservation fee of $30.  After some back and forth, he made an adjustment to the bill for 3 nights amenity fees.  Being that we were checking out and needed to make our flight on time, I reluctantly agreed.  \n\nI was truly disappointed with both the room, the service, and needless to say the roaches.  The minimal attempt to make it right made things worse.\n\nI will not return to the Stratosphere again.  If you are staying there, be aware of the "tour" section of the hotel, nearest the tower.
I frequent this place with my fiancé. We love the food, from the fresh salad to the pizza, and everything else we have tried is always great. \n\nWe always ask for Nate to be out server, because he by far the best on their staff. We have other servers and the food is always good, but it's always better when you have great service. So if you're looking to eat here I would recommend Nate for a server.
Great pizza...  Shame you have to buy a whole pizza...  Not many options if you want to pop in for lunch.
Nous avons réservé pour 4 avec des demandes spécifiques et tout a été parfait.\nLe service un peu long au début mais impeccable par la suite .\nService avec sourire et humour avec Jean Simon.\nLa bouffe avec le spécial 20 ieme anniversaire vraiment surprenant pour le prix.\nJ'avais des craintes avec les commentaires négatifs mais je vous confirme que nous ne regrettons rien.\nNous retournerons à ce Resto et je le ferai connaître à mes amis \nBravo au personnel \n\nNous sommes retournés à ce Resto nous étions trois couples et tout à vraiment été impeccable.\nLe service impeccable avec un beau sourire de notre serveuse Stéphanie  .\nBravo \n\nLe 28 mai 2017 nous sommes retournées à ce resto 2 couples ils n'ont même pas voulu nous donnez du pain après 5 bières car nous avions pad encore commandé même si nous sommes des habitués.\nFacture pour 4 de 200$\n\nServeuse nous dit que c'est une règle interne vraiment ridicule terminé pour nous à ce resto.,qui ne s'est reconnaître ses bons clients pour un petit pain. \nFini pour moi et mes 12 douzaine d'amies
This place has a great selection of how chicken and waffles are made. The chicken is amazing here, but it's a bit spicy for me. The waffles taste like normal waffle, sweet and scrumptious. I rated this place 4\/5 stars because they serve fantastic food for the fantastic price.
We are currently searching for apartments in Charlotte and stopped here for breakfast! Definitely the best homemade breakfast. Everything tasted fresh and hot. We have found a spot that we will be frequenting when we move here in a few months. The pancakes are to die for! So mouthwatering! And the cappuccino is beyond delicious. Everyone was super friendly and it wasn't that expensive. Love love love it!
I love this place. I was so sad to see the one in Little Italy\/University Circle go. It was such a great place to go get a delicious dish that wasn't fried or Italian. So good.\n\nSo, when I started working downtown, I obviously got super excited to have Tea House Noodles at my fingertips--almost literally. It takes MAYBE 1.5 minutes to get there now. I keep experimenting with combinations and nothing has really turned me off yet. Tons of veggies, the tofu is good (not rubbery like it can sometimes be), the noodles are fabulous and the service is great. I was so surprised to be greeted by a smile and quick service that didn't make me feel rushed. I have a hard time with decisions and sometimes I need to stand in front of the menu to decide--that's not a problem here and I can't even explain how refreshing that is. \n\nSpeaking of refreshing, this food just feels good. It's not heavy and with the way I eat, I can get another meal out of it (it keeps well and can be re-dressed pretty well too--Sriracha or some of your own sauces).\n\nI'd definitely recommend this place to a hungry downtown luncher (or anyone else for that matter) and they'll be getting a lot of my business.
Lotus of Siam, often referred to as the best Thai restaurant in America, has by now garnered a ton of accolades and press. Still, it sits in an easily overlooked and unassuming strip mall away from The Strip. The walls are adorned with famous celebrities as former patrons. There's still a wait, although much of that may be to create the illusion of a packed dining room (it's not). We waited about an hour for a table for six, although the table had been empty the entire time. \n\nThe menu itself is huge and includes dishes from Northern Thailand not found in your average Thai restaurant. Based on prior reviews, we ordered the nam kao tod and the sea bass drunken noodles. We added on some typical Thai plates such as pineapple fried rice, pad see ew, and the spicy garlic chicken wings. The nam kao tod beef was good, but inconsistent. Some of the pieces were perfect, while others were more tough and dry. The must-try dish of the night was the sea bass. The fish was perfectly fried, but the drunken noodles left much to be desired. The pineapple fried rice was and pad see ew were average. \n\nWe finished with a mango sticky rice for dessert, which was amazing. The mangos were as sweet as can be and the sticky rice was topped with just the right amount of lavender to give it a floral aroma with every bite. Overall, the sea bass was a bit pricey and the other dishes were okay, but it was a good meal, albeit pricey for Thai. I have to return to try the garlic prawns. Come with a group of friends (but come early) so you can try as many of the 150 dishes as possible.
That's exactly the pho I'm expecting!!! Shrimp rice roll is tasty and fresh, especially with sauce. They offer four kinds of sauce!! As an East Asian, I will say this is exactly fresh and natural Asian taste, catering to those who are not a big fan of oily food. Beef in the pho is wonderful. I will definitely come another time. Food is beyond expectation, especially considering the low price.
My fav Chinese food in Richmond Hill. Service is excellent price reasonable. Only downfall no delivery.
Great Customer Service! Bobbie got me everything I needed...I'll definitely send all my friends here.
Been here several times each time had something different and it's all very good, with such a wide variety it's rare for a place to make everything taste amazing. I'm pregnant and live two city's over and still make my boyfriend bring me. It's definitely worth the drive and the cost!
If you need a safe moved, call Arizona Lock and Safe. John and his team were extremely professional and moved my safe without a single scratch. They were on time, called before arriving and got the job done quickly and efficiently.
Their tacos are the way mom would make them if she were Mexican and was the most amazing cook ever.\n\nThe take the filing, put it in a corn tortilla and deep fry the whole thing. Oh. My. Gosh. Just amazing. I have never eaten anything else here. The tacos are just too amazing to try anything else. I always get the shredded beef.\n\nI don't live in PHX anymore, but every time I am here I make my way over to 7th Ave. and Indian School. It's a bit of heaven.\n\nNote: this place ain't fancy in the slightest.
I watched La Reve 2 years ago in Vegas and I can say that this show doesn't measure up. If yelp gave out half stars then I would give this 2.5 stars. We got 2 free show tickets with our room and could've chosen from 6 shows. My dad chose this show without me knowing; I would've much rather preferred to see Love instead.\n\nThe show had a story but I couldn't tell what the hell was going on. It just seemed like different acts showcasing different tricks following each other without any real structure. The main character is this wizard dude who does absolutely nothing but sing. Kinda disappointing because the leads of some other shows I've seen actually do perform.\n\nA lot of the acts themselves were enjoyable, with the most impressive being the ladder duo or the acrobats at the end. The heights that they balance and jump off\/onto is pretty breathtaking. With that being said, some of the acts weren't up to par and weren't really as imaginative or as dangerous as I was expecting. \n\nHaving the show on a stage at Aria was an interesting decision. I don't mind it as much but it's not as immersive as the some of the other Cirque shows at bigger venues.\n\nThe best thing about this show was that it was free for me but overall, I would recommended choosing a better Cirque show if you're in Vegas.
How have I never written a review here before? Outside of my own place, this was the place I've been to the most in Toronto by far. \n\nThe good: It is the hub of Toronto. Go train, Go bus, and TTC all connect through Union Station. If you need to get anywhere downtown by subway, or if you need to get anywhere around the GTA and beyond, chances are union station has a connection that will get you there somehow.\n\nThe bad: It is old and stinky and crowded. During rush hour, it is a mothereffin circus. Definitely could use a face lift, although they shouldn't get rid of the beautiful architecture. I think they are in the middle of cleaning it up now. It can get a little confusing moving about. Needs a navigation app and better display maps and signs.\n\nOverall: Gets the job done. Barely.
I love Inner Radiance spa, and I was told they are looking for a new bigger, better location in the area.  Shaly has given me the best facials, and I have tried all of the resort spas and many day spas.  She uses the best products (Eminence) and is extremely sweet and intelligent.  \n\nToday I had my first adjustment from Dr. G and I will be back. I told my husband it is worth the 20 minute drive. I have chronic shoulder pain and upper body tightness, he knew just how to treat it. I was at a different chiropractor for a year due to his proximity, I regret not moving sooner!
Terrible terrible terrible. They barely spoke to me and the technician didn't believe me when I said I didn't have acrylic on my nails. She filed them wY to thin on the sides, they keep snagging on everything , no nail shape was the same. I will NEVER come back here
Of course, designed in the same manner and decadence of the Cosmopolitan hotel, there's a tiny retreat nestled in the corner where you can forget you're inside a casino.\n\nI really like the space.  Couches everywhere, leather, a swanky little bar, and a stellar staff.\n\nNot only did the hostess address me by name, but when I left, she remembered my name.  After only like 2 interactions.  I thought it was a nice gesture.\n\nMy server, very friendly and eager to please....  \n\nAnd my food was wicked delicious. I had the eggs benedict.  My only complain is that price is a little high, I only got the two muffins, canadian peameal (hard to find in an american restaurant) eggs and a thick and rich hollandaise sauce drowning out the meal...  but that was it.  no side potatoes or whatever...  and it was about 16 bucks. it does include caviar but I am not a fan.... I had the dish sans caviar.\n\nPair that with freshly squeezed orange juice ($5) and you spend about $25 with tip and tax.  It felt a little steep for me, and I left hungry still.\n\nNonetheless, the food was spectacular, and the ambiance pretty swanky.  I liked it and hope to return to try other dishes.
December 2016 UPDATE: I was right about this place not being clean. They were fined $3500 by the health inspector for lack of cleanliness. Search for "Montreal restaurant tous les jours inspection". \n==================\nThe burger itself is quite tasty, maybe a 7\/10. \n\nHowever I have to say AVOID this place.  The atmosphere here is what I would call "prison\/slash\/gas station decor",  and made me want to get out of there as fast as possible. I noticed that: \n- the restaurant is dirty in lots of places\n- the ceiling over the grill had just been half-ass repaired \n- the place is a really gloomy and depressing space to be in \n- the restaurant smells  bad, like that "old restaurant" smell. Grease, maybe?\n - underneath the counter areas and cabinets and grill, and all over the walls and ceiling,  it was obviously dirty and in need of cleaning\n- the 1980's vinyl banquette seats have duct tape on them\n\nAs a result of the above it does not really matter what the food tastes like, as you will be wonderting if you wil get sick with every bite. Yuck. \n\nOh, and it is cash only.
Simply the best Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas. The flavors are out of this world, it's the most authentic style cooking. Comfort down home dishes & every entree is perfection. Sometimes when eating out is a hit or miss here in town, it puts a smile my face to have dinner somewhere that is a total hit and knockout. The service is very friendly and each dish tasted like it was prepared with love. \n\nI was in the mood for Vietnamese family style comfort food tonight and I ordered the Canh Chua Ca soup with catfish. OMGGG it was heavenly. This soup is perfect for cold or sore throat and it taste so delicious. I also ordered the caramelized pork short ribs & it was divine. Both flavors accentuated each other perfectly. The spring rolls and eggrolls were amazing. I can't recommend this restaurant enough. You won't be disappointed!
I've ordered delivery several times here and almost something different every order. Everything is so tastey! The 2 chicken with appetizer is a smoking deal for 17.99! The chicken arrived wrapped in a large flat bread(they really know how to make the best bread here)! Ive never seen that before but it was such a bonus. Needless to say, Sinbad is probably the best hidden gem west of the i-17 freeway.
The only reason this gets 2 stars is because my kids love this place. The pizza is Terrible. The games pretty crappy and run down many of them not working properly.  Why can't places for kids serve better quality food?
An excellent place to 'hang' while waiting for your flight or for a rendezvous-vous! Food from fresh ingredients, generous servings, and professional servers. We really like the Guacamole & Chips appetizer, Tomato-Basil soup, Kale salad, and French dip sandwich. Try the 'real' key lime pie and local vanilla bean gelato. A real treat!
We just got here from new york. The food tasted amazing and the service was great!! The waiter was really cool. Would love to come back here
These sandwiches are so good! Fries too!  Really cute place, super friendly staff and great quality ingredients. Nothing like this in Oakville. Highly recommend
I have been here perhaps 10 times in the last year and have had varying experiences. The first time I must say was great but several of my experiences thereafter were mediocre. Tonight the food was phenominal! Service was kind of what i expect at any sushi place, friendly but not over the top. I do believe sitting at the sushi bar is the way to go. The chef is awesome and i love the fact he put a couple of kids in their place when they hit the bar for their "sake bombs"! Hands down the best sushi in the area. Love this place!
Hard workers, good guys. I looked into pricing pretty closely, and they were among the best. I'll be using them again. Thanks guys!
I went with my husband and another couple arriving around 5:20pm on Saturday. It took about 5 minutes for someone to realize we were waiting to be seated. When we did get seated our waiter was like a lost puppy dog, not knowing what to do or say (and no one to help him). We ordered our food and more than 35 minutes later it came (other tables around us received their orders much quicker). Our Medium burgers were very well done. When our waiter came to give us our check, I asked about why the burgers were not cooked to order. He said he'd tell someone, took our checks and returned a few minutes later with our change. When asked if the manager was coming to talk to us as we were not pleased, he said he was not on duty and he had told his head waiter. No one came to see why we were not pleased. We left with a sense that this location will not be here long if this is the type of service and product they offer. VERY DISAPPOINTED!
I was in town for my family reunion that was 30 minutes outside of Charlotte. This room was awesome. Very clean and spacious. The staff was very hospitable and professional. I love the free breakfast  and the free happy hour on site. Our room was very nice . The kitchenette was cute. Everything was very clean. The pool was small and it would nice to have an outdoor pool. The hotel was conveniently located to every shop, restaurants and the night scene. Overall I was very impressed can't wait to come back.
The decision to say goodbye to my dog Angus was such an emotional time. I was second-guessing myself wondering if I should put it off a little longer for my sake. In the end, I realized that letting him go peacefully was the most loving thing I could do for him. Dr. Lawmaster was amazing and Angus' last thoughts were of how good his turkey slices tasted as he was sedated. She gave my husband and I plenty of time to say goodbye while he was sedated before the IV was placed in his leg. I have 2 other dogs and in the future would not want them at the vet's office after experiencing such a beautiful passing at home. Thank you, Dr. Lawmaster, for making such a heartbreaking time into a peaceful one for our family.
Stopped for coffee - myself being the only customer inside the establishment.  One\ncustomer in the drive thru.\n\nHad to wait for the coffee to be brewed ?  What's that about, no fresh coffee ready\nat 8:00 a.m.  Also, they put the cream in - something I do not like, I prefer to add\nmy own cream.  I paid over $2.00 for a cup of coffee, brought my own cup. \n\nThe coffee was bitter - so awful I could not drink it.  And not hot - semi warm\ncoffee - ugh!  \n\nDid receive a receipt of a thank you from the very "I'd rather be anywhere else"\nstaff.  \n\nNever again!
Who doesn't love Ulta?  Customer service wasn't great at this location, so I'd probably try another store before returning here.
Jimmy is very friendly and nice. He cuts hair with precision and is very neat with it. The best part about this salon is that it's not that busy, so setting appointments is easy and at times you can just walk in. He is my new barber now since he is close to home. Thank you Jimmy!
Disgusting just like disgusting one nasty fucking place stay very far I would rather eat rat fetuses then this places food.
This place has some of the best cookies I have ever had and I love the dole whip they have, I haven't seen it anywhere else. They are also really nice and it is a great place to go
Call in advance and they'll make a FRESH gluten-free pasta! Oysters on the menu, very very nicely done.
One of my favorite Mexican food places. Their carne asada is to die for with great prices! The shops aren't always the most clean but the deliciousness of their food makes up for it.
I visited the Botanical Garden for the Dale Chilhuly Art Exhibit. I thought it was beautiful and excellently coordinated. I went at dusk with a group of people, but would really like to go again during the day to be able to read the plaques with plant descriptions more easily. It was a great date night and I'm sure I'll make it another date "day" sooner rather than later. :)
Always my go to car wash. The vaccums are free, it's 20 cents off the gallon with a car wash purchase, and they offer unlimited for 30$. Only part I'm not fond of is the oil check spot. They always take way too long and the line starts to take over the pumps.
A purchase a Platinum Plus interior and exterior washes that includes compounding. There compounding treatment is wax spry with a spry gun manager very unprofessional try to tell me that there compounding was the wax apply when car was wash I will not longer wash my car in this place be wear of the chip glass scam is not  free they charge your car insurance
I chose this restaurant for my son's 23rd birthday celebration. From the call for a reservation to the time we left, every interaction was absolutely perfect. The service, beautiful cocktails and food were all absolutely wonderful. I can't wait to come back for happy hour!!!
Their small plates are pretty delicious (especially the gourmet "Mac 'n Cheese") and the service is friendly and efficient. The venue is huge, so it's fairly easy to get a table. This is a great addition to the neighbourhood!
I used to eat at Spadina Garden when it was on Spadina near College. They never disappoint. Wonderful flavours, friendly, speedy courteous service, unpretentious and well-deserving of its popularity. Try every version of the hot spicy peanut dish that you can (chicken, beef, shrimp, tofu). Don't forget to ask for water.
I've been to itsy bitsy before and it was great but I don't know what happened today when I went today. Came in around 12:05 pm. The lunch rush was not busy but there were several people dining there. I could tell something was up when we walked it and it took more than 5 min for someone to greet us. After being seated, it then took forever for someone to take our order and we actually had to flag the bartender down because there was no waiter\/waitress in sight. I think we ordered at around 12:25 pm. I feel bad for the bartender in front because he had to juggle watching the bar and taking the orders. After taking our order it took them almost 30 min to bring out the food. Now I understand that this not your average ramen in a bag\/bowl that you would eat if you were broke or in college (or I would hope so) but I have no idea why it took so long. The table next to us who came in after us even finished their food before ours came out. Now onto the food. Potstickers were okay. I give it a 7\/10. As for the ramen, it is alright, also 7\/10. For the price you are paying though I would expect more. 10.50 is pretty expensive compared to places like monta ramen and ramen sora. I got the Tonkotsu broth which was okay but then they charge you for goofy stuff like chili oil. I don't know how you can justify .75 for chili oil when most places give it to you for free. Anyways 1.5 stars for service today and 1.5 stars for food. Unfortunately unless someone demands that we go eat here I won't be back.
I enjoyed a fancy happy hour.  Was not economical like you usually think of happy hour being though.  Really enjoyed the spicy mojito but it was $8 a pop.  Tried the polenta fries.  I did not like the dipping sauce (the item said vegetarian but tasted like it had anchovies in the sauce.  ick!)  My husband tried the sweet potato planks and enjoyed them.  The best was the 4 cheese plate.  Mmm... next time we will just get that and a couple drinks.  I think with tax and tip we paid over $60 for happy hour.
I've now had 2 dinners here and I much prefer eating here than having dinner on the strip.\n\nThe food is delicious and there is also a great wine selection! I've never been to a thai restaurant that takes wine pairing so seriously, it's awesome.\n\nMy most favorite dish is the braised short rib Khao Soi. Braised short ribs on top of egg noodles with the most delicious coconut curry ever. You definitely need some sticky rice to dip in the sauce as well. So good!\n\nI also really liked the garlic prawns. Very fried so I recommend sharing this dish with a big group. 1 is enough.\n\nNam Kao Tod (crispy rice salad) is a great starter. Everyone seems to order this and it's definitely for a reason.\n\nNo reservations are taken over the summer so get here early! We arrived with a group of 8 at about 5:10 on Saturday and were 2nd in line. By the time they opened at 5:30 there was a giant line. By 7:30 when we left there were TONS of people waiting..
Great food. Great lunch specials. Food always made fresh and the enchiladas are dank. Great spot off central a little but outside of the main strip. Would recommend anyone who loves enchiladas
Great staff...never have to wait more than 5-10min for a haircut. My son's stylist is Chelsea , she is super friendly, great attitude and my 17y\/o son loves the way she cuts his hair...
love her. not my haircut. Min is very nice and cheery and I loved that she took walk-ins but she wrecked my hair.  \n\nWhat I told her I wanted: trim on my long hair with some reshaping around my face.\nWhat I got: A bad 80's style shag with some serious breakage an inch long at the top and back of my head - probably should have stopped her when she went nuts with the razor at the crown of my head. \n\nMy advice for anyone else with long hair - be very clear on what you want and don't be afraid to speak up. I really wish I had.
I found my experience truly displeasing. The service was extremely unprofessional. There were several workers hiding in the back, and only one employee helping customers. Not only did they not have the phone I wanted, they lied to me. I was told that I could come the next day and pick up my phone without a question asked. The next day they asked me several questions in order to access my father's account. We specifically asked them if there would be anything I had do the next day, and they told us we would not. They also simply turned on my phone and assumed that I had an iCloud rather than trying to help me transfer my data. Extremely unprofessional service.
The last time I was here I went with two female co-workers who were mildly obsessed with the idea of me dating our waiter. I'm no stranger to objectifying cute male wait staff (cough*Roka Akor*cough), but even I felt uncomfortable for him after he had to endure approximately 3 hours of merciless cougar flirting followed by loud encouragement for me to take a more active approach to my dating life by hitting on him. I felt like I was having dinner with my two pimps, but he was a total pro about it and it ended up being an incredible meal!\n\nI had been to Sens once before where I had the most amazing Pimm's Cup ever. I freaking love Pimm's Cups, and only a handful of places in Phoenix serve them, so when I get a good one, I remember it vividly (well, as vividly as i can remember things that occur on patios at 1:00 AM on a Saturday).  After going for dinner a few weeks ago, I had the same thing and it was just as good, even though I wasn't nearly as drunk as I was the first time. Since my BAC fluctuates like Kirstie Alley's waistline, that's about all the consistency I can ask for.\n\nWe ordered a ton of food, which seems to mostly be served small-plate style with 4 or 5 servings per order. This is perfect for me, because I tend to get bored easily and after a few bites of the same thing, I'm ready for something else (this might explain why my co-workers feel the need to take control of my dating life).  Everything we ordered was fantastic! We started off with sizzling shrimp in a spicy red sauce. The shrimp was perfect and sauce was actually spicy. Nothing pisses me off more than when restaurants cater to the wimpy masses by having their "Spice-O-Meter" equivalent to that of a kindergartner with an ulcer. The soup gyoza, bacon wrapped dates, sugar cane pork, and bacon wrapped okra were all just as good.  For dessert we had bacon-wrapped lychees (bacon was clearly the theme of the evening) and it was pretty much the perfect conclusion to the fantastic meal.\n\nEven though I've only been to Sens twice, it's slowly creeping up my list of favorite restaurants in Phoenix and will probably only continue to climb as I visit more often. Maybe next time I won't bring my pimps (but no promises).
Service is good, location on the strip  is good, the logistics of the parking garage in relation to the hotel is not convenient. You can tell its an older building, but functional. The miracle mile shopping center is very nice to walk thru and shop.
When I go for a time out the Wynn is the one I choose.\nIts a nice hotel and not expensive \nEnjoyed the pool and spa \nBest weekend ever
I`ve been here a number of times.\n\nCome for the decor. Food is OK. Wait staff is generally competent, but the hostesses always suck. As always, given its location, you get the King West crowd out in force (which could be a good or bad thing depending on your preference). Would easily be close to a four star if the hostesses were changed up.
I finally dropped in here the other month after my brother had been singing their praises for quite some time (prior to their recent move). Not wanting to go all-in at first, I stuck with their cheapest option, the $5.99 jerk chicken special (also available in curry and bbq chicken, as well as a veg option), which includes your choice of rice and vegetable side. The chicken was perfectly cooked, moist (unlike other places in the area with dried out chicken - I'm looking at you AF1) and flavourful, with the perfect amount of heat. For the price the amount of meat was considerable. The jerk sauce is on the sweet side, which seems to be the most common version in Toronto these days, but still packs a little punch. The ample amount of sauce let's it soak into the rice and peas below, giving it an extra boost of flavour. I've since returned a couple of times and it's been just as good every time. I'll have to give some of their other options a try soon. Save for a couple take-out customers, it's been absolutely empty every time I've been in, so there was not much in the way of ambience, but the place has been immaculately clean on all occasions. The staff are super friendly as well, especially the owner, who seems to like to chat it up with the customers.
LOVE this place!!!  This is the first Mexican restaurant in Vegas that I would actually return to.  Yes it's a little pricey, but my experience was well worth it.  Delicious food and margs, and outstanding service from everyone!  Thank you Pancho's!!
I've been leasing Acura's for a number of years and dealing with Hendrick Acura for 5 years. I recently leased an Acura RDX and my experience was top notch. Dean Letorney was our sales advisor and he was able to give me the numbers on the car in less than 2 hours. He located the RDX with Acura Watch in the color that I wanted within a few days and I had a new car in a week. I can't say enough about the level of service that he and Hendrick Acura provided.
Came here with a couple of friends around 7-8 ish pm wanting to satisfy our sweet tooth and to finish off the day out with them with a sugar high and full bellies. \n\nThe place had a cool and edgy interior, with circular themes all around. We came in and I was quite surprised that there weren't a lot of people - maybe 2 tables of couples when we came in? It was kinda quiet too. Maybe the busy hours aren't until later when movie go-ers finish watching stuff from the movie theater near by. \nWe came in and I didn't really get a good vibe from the staff.  We were seated at the round booth which I thought was really comfy and roomy. She definitely wasn't as enthusiastic and cheery as I expected from dessert places. She did kept checking in on us which was nice, but we didn't stay too long. \n\nFriends and I ordered their NY-Style Cheesecake with strawberries and strawberry sauce, and they also ordered the chocolate lava cake and another cheesecake for take-out (Will talk about those take-out items later). The cheesecake was dense just the way I liked it, and the tartness of the strawberries balanced the sweetness of the sauce and the cake. We ordered this one because it caught our attention on their menu photo, which had a lot more strawberries than the one presented to us. I wish the slice was a bit bigger considering we paid $9+ for one slice. Overall kinda underwhelming in consideration of previous cheesecakes I've had, the menu photo, and the price. 4\/10.\n\nWe also ordered their nachos, which came with cheese, jalapeno peppers, bell peppers, onions; the usual things on nachos. Came also with  2 mini sour cream, and 2 salsa sauce bowls. We decided to add bacon to our nachos, which is additional cost. The course itself was okay; I've had cheesier, hotter, and tastier nachos, but I liked how it was a 3-flavoured\/coloured nacho chips that they used. Definitely added to the colour visuals of the plate. By the end of our stay there my mouth was burning like crazy from the jalapenos and there was no re-filled water glasses to be found.\n\nThe take-out items were okay... but I don't think we'll be doing take-out here anymore because of the high price for just the slices\/lava cake. No plating\/decor\/whipped cream\/ice cream\/sauces with the take-out. \n\nThis place is most suited for dining in and eating their desserts. Maybe I'll come back for those and their specialty drinks.
Healthy. plant based and delicious! You can tell that the owner and staff are happy serving up great options to those of us who want something fresh and different. I took a omnivore friend to lunch here and she loved all of the options that we sampled. She even finished her wrap and two sides before I finished my food. Everyday there is a new feature wrap to choose from which you can check on their Facebook page. Everything is tasty so you can't go wrong with whatever you choose. I can't wait to come back for the breakfast wrap. This is homemade vegan food and it is great!
Be careful when using this company. If there are several things wrong with your appliance they will fix one item at a time so you need to continuously call them back. In the end you still wind up with a broken unit. Podunk company. I agree with other reviews owner and his son are very rude !
My go to nail salon on the southwest side. I've went to about three different girls so far here and they have all done a fabulous job. The only negative aspect about this salon is the time taken. A recent visit for an ombré painted fill took around two hours but ended up beautiful. \n\nIf you want a good quality manicure or pedicure but have a few hours to waste, this is the perfect place to go.
Rebel Republic is an absolutely fantastic spot that for whatever reason is not getting the business that it deserves, probably from a lack of advertisement and it's slightly secluded location tucked away in a shopping center at W Sahara and Valley View.  As a swing bartender, most of my experiences there have been during the graveyard shift.   When I first stepped foot in there, I was immediately marveled by the incredible draft beer selection (52!!!!).  Not only that, but several of the beers are on rotation so I know that every time I go back there are new things to try.  \n\nWhereby the majority of the staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and professional, I have been most impressed by a few of the graveyard staff.  Larry, was the first to break me into the incredible beer menu.  He is so good with the beers that he often knows what to suggest to me based on prior selections.  Some nights, I don't know what to drink so I tell him to send me on a craft beer journey, and he never disappoints.  He's also a consummate host, always ensuring that his clientele is comfortable, happy, and fed.  \n\nAs a gamer, I enjoy their machines.  The poker plays very well, although I haven't had too much success with any jackpots.  However, I can usually salvage a night with a fun romp with the video Black Jack.  \n\nLarry also turned me on to the food menu, first starting me off with the Kobe sliders.  They are original, delicious, and full of flavor.  Also, they are on the late-night happy hour, which is a fantastic program, especially for those of us working late into the evening (or morning).  From there, he moved me onto other fantastic dishes and sandwiches.  The tempura avocado is a personal favorite of mine.  I never thought that avocado would go so well in that style, but with the help of the phenomenal graveyard chef, Antwan (spelling?) they are always a hit from their perfect crispness to the delicious dipping sauce.  While mentioning Antwan, he is so much more than just a cook.  He always ensures that the guests are fully stocked with silverware, napkins, or condiments of any kind, and he is always open and friendly.\n\nAlthough I have been there on other shifts, graveyards with Larry and Antwan are absolutely my favorite.  They are so much fun that I've made a regular evening after work with a group of friends on Wednesdays (Thursday mornings).  I suggest Rebel Republic as a gathering place whenever friends want to get together and try something new.  \n\nI will continue to frequent this establishment, and I hope it continues in the fantastic fashion that it has started.  Larry and Antwan are incredible assets to this company and I look forward to seeing them every time I go.  \n\nSimply put, the combination of great food, an amazing beer and drink selection, and devoted and knowledgeable staff makes Rebel Republic an outstanding destination for anyone looking for a great spot offering excellence at any hour of the day or night!
Thank god for their good service occasionally or this place would be a total flop. Sorry I said it. What keeps me coming back is convenience (its less then a miles from my house) and their $10 off $20 purchase coupons that are always around!\n\nThe food is okay. About the same as something I could whip up in my kitchen...okay maybe a step up. The service has always been iffy (either wonderful or terrible) and sometimes it takes awhile to get your food. Small thing that peeved me: every glass of soda\/icedt they bring you they add $3 to your bill...kinda cheesy but whatever. \n\n Overall yeh I will go back for some overpriced food in a handy to-go "tub".
We wanted to visit this place b\/c we saw it on that episode of Man vs. Food and when we visited Vegas we wanted a change from the restaurants available on the strip.  It was a good experience, the staff is super friendly.  We ordered 2lbs of the (spicy) hot & juicy crawfish and 1lb of the king crab, some sausages, corn and Cajun fries.  It was alright... satisfying, but definitely not the best I've ever had.  The crawfish were pretty small, and when they're small like that you have to work harder to get to the actual meat, which kinda sucked since the meat was super duper small.  The crab was really good, and I really liked the sausages, but I remember them being pretty expensive.  I think we paid an extra $6 to get six slices of andouille sausage.  The corn is the neutralizer, which is necessary if you can't handle the heat.    The cajun fries were so-so, our next trip we will do w\/out them.  Next time, I'd like to try the shrimp and maybe clams (if they have them) and I'll probably try the medium instead of the spicy so I'm not constantly asking for more water.
It had been a long time since I'd been here - although I can't really remember why. Because now, I really want to go back. I was here with some friends a couple of weeks ago, and we got a table outside after only a couple of minutes wait. Sure, it looks over Whitney Way and the parking lot, but it's a really nice outdoor patio! We enjoyed some appetizers to start. If you're wondering if you should try to pork belly bites - yes, yes you should. You definitely should. We also tried the fried pickles. They were good (not too much breading and still crunchy) but not amazing. For dinner I very very much enjoyed the jalapeño burger. I would definitely order that again; but really it was the fries that were oh so good. For the life of me, I can't remember the name the beer I liked, but it had juniper in it. I'm sure it will jun-ip-out at you if you're looking at the menu! I thought the service was quite good. I'll definitely be back!!
Wow,  what an amazing job they did!!   I had an old Bistro set that looked so bad and they made it look brand new!!   So impressed!!   Very nice owner and employees,  will use them again.
If you are looking for a home, and you need someone is really listens to you, then you need Kelly Camacho.  She met with us, she listened to us, as we wanted specific items from the home, and then she started looking.  She found us 5 homes to look at, but it was the first home we looked at that had everything we wanted in a home.  She really listens!!!  She is someone you can trust and someone who will find you what you need.  Please give her a call or refer her, we did!
We were at LGO this morning and as usual had great food and coffee. We have never sat on the patio due to the many dogs and being allergic. To my surprise we saw a wonderful sign on dog etiquette. I love it!! What a great idea and I wish all restaurants followed rules. Too many dogs are usually all over the tables licking everything, nothing gets cleaned and yes the staff always touch the animals. Ick... Hats off to LGO!!!
I have tried this place a couple of times and it has been a great experience. However there was one time I ordered dine in and asked for spicy chicken and it was dried and not juicy at all. I couldn't asked for a redo but I think the chicken was left out. I have ordered many times for delivery and take out and it was left with great food. The poutine is WONDERFUL and spicy. I will try the pizza next time.
I love bookstores. If I could, I would live in one. I enter one almost every day if I can. \nThis Renaud Bray is huge and during Christmastime, they have some really sweet deals. I scored a 1000 piece puzzle for 4$!!\n\nThe first floor is mainly kitchen stuff, stationary, CDS\/DVDS, and the hottest books of the moment. The second floor is adult books. The third floor is toys and kids books.\n\nI don't read much in French, so I often skip the second floor. But the third floor is so fascinating. They have so many puzzles and new board games, I love browsing.\nThey have a tiny section of YA books in english, it will mostly be the popular titles.\n\nI love it here. It's so cozy and inviting. I wish they had some small areas where you could sit and enjoy basking in the glory of their products, but I probably wouldn't buy anything if that was the case. \n\nIt is next to a Starbucks so once you've bought something, you can go grab a coffee and start reading!
First time pedicure here last week, no wait and polish was perfect, hasn't chipped after one week. Better than some salons in the area where the polish looks sloppy.
As someone who ordered a few times a month I was surprised at the nearly $5.00 delivery charge which does not go to the driver.  So,  ordering for me and my son,  with tip delivery cost me $9.00. For less than a mile!  Boo Jimmy Johns.  You got greedy.
I've gone to Oasis multiple times for massages. The last time I went in there seemed to be a lot of knick knacks and products for sale. It looked tacky and made me feel a little overwhelmed. I definitely think less is more at a spa. I am interested to see how it will be with the larger space and new owners. The massages are always satisfying but I've never had the same therapist. The location and parking are convenient for a West sider. Prices are comparable to other spas.
Whole in the wall restaurant. I ordered the fried chicken wings and waffle. The fried chicken was really good, juicy and crispy! The waffles are probably the best waffles I've had so far, moist and CRISPY! I've never had crispy waffles before, soooo good! This place is very small and packed but there's also outdoor seating and plenty of parking. \n\nYou line up to order, once you pay you then find seating and the server will bring you the food.
I really felt like a sucker because I couldn't find this place! Luckily, when I called the hostess, she was able to tell me how to get there. For anyone who doesn't know where it is, Searsucker is tucked between Neiman Marcus and a bank. The parking is kind if ridiculous, so park at the mall if you get a chance. It isn't a far walk and you might need a walk after all the delicious food you eat! \n\nThe front entrance is spectacular. It's a large wooden door that seems foreboding like great castle doors, but also beckoning like a siren calling you to your delicious doom. The inside is spacious and has some interesting décor. Ropes hang from the ceiling, like fishermen ropes entwined with the lights. Giant food related pictures hang (or are painted) on the walls. One is a large knife with ketchup (blood?) and another is a roasted chicken on a spit with a live chicken's head. (This one kind of disturbs me...) The bar is huge and wraparound style for easy access. The dining area has plenty of tables for an intimate gathering or a large one. \n\nMy husband really liked the spicy shrimp and bacon grits, while I really liked the squid "sweet heat" (calmari steak with sweet sauce). I also really enjoyed the Peter Rabbit cocktail. We'll definitely be back!
My bichon tore his ACL and I was distraught. I had this happen 2 years ago with another dog and I got the surgery done at a different place. I called the different place for a quote and their fees nearly doubled from 2 years ago! I found Arrow on Yelp, I called and the quote was very reasonable, but I also wanted the best quality for my fur baby. We had an appointment with Dr. Whilms and I felt very comfortable and confident that he was able to help my dog. He completed the surgery and I picked up my dog the same day. My dog was able to walk on his leg within a week and healed quickly! Actually, my dog healed much better than my previous dog that I took elsewhere 2 years ago. The staff is extremely nice, Dr. Whilms is professional and was great with my dog. I recommend anyone needing a vet or animal surgery to go here!
Tried to place an order on yelp and it didn't go through so I figured I would call the restaurant and I spoke to the manager Rachel who proceeded to argue with me for five minutes over whether or not I had put my credit card in to the order. No matter how many times I explain that the order wasn't completed she didn't seem to understand, or more accurately didn't want to understand. I will be calling the place to speak to the owner in the morning to let them know that they missed out an order because instead of simply taking my order I got five minutes of attitude from Rachel
We made reservations for 10pm knowing they closed at 11pm. When we arrived, we were the only ones in the restaurant so service was very swift & our waitress was lovely. Both my boyfriend & I ordered a special; he got a ravioli and I got a burger...both were great. \n\nMy only complaint is that if a business says they're open until 11pm, they should remain open until 11pm. By 10:30, candles were blown out, flowers were taken off the tables and the computer monitors were being turned off. From the time we walked in the door it felt like we were there too late to eat. Staff was leaving, things were being cleaned and it was only 10pm on a Friday night. It sounds as though another reviewer showed up for dinner and found the doors locked, I would not be surprised if the lock was turned as we walked out tonight half an hour before closing. \n\nI only make this a point because the mission of this restaurant seems to be one that really wants deliver on atmosphere and the late night visitor doesn't get it...perhaps this restaurant should consider closing early if it doesn't want late business. \n\nOtherwise, food was great & staff seemed friendly. The decor was chic, it seemed clean would make for a great date night. \n\nBest advice? Arrive early & check out the specials!
My boyfriend and I ate at Distrito about a month and loved it. The hostess miley was such a sweetheart and gave us a great table! Our server was named Michael and he was fantastic he had lots of great recommendations. The Ceviche here is fantastic. We tried both options and they both were so good. I think the Carnitas tacos and the Fish tacos may be the best I've ever had.  Our favorite dish was the shrimp entree. I still think about it. I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends!
Was thrilled that I finally got to come here after several trips to Vegas. The buffet was extremely vast and had a ton of cuisine choices: seafood, Asian, Italian, comfort foods, desserts etc. The presentation of the food was lovely (i.e. chicken and waffles in a little metal basket, plenty of cake pops).\n\nThe actual food tasted average for the most part. I was expecting a little more as this is considered to be the best buffet in Vegas right now. The parts that stood out the most were the seafood (really fresh) and the desserts.
Rude staff, ridiculously expensive, drink tasted horrible and they have menus up that they don't even offer.
Vintage apartments completely remodeled. Covered parking, gated access, new pool, friendly neighborly vibe. Inside we like the polished smooth concrete floors that show the character of the years gone by. Stainless steel appliances and great countertops. Juan the maintenance guy who lives on the property is fantastic. A good place to call home in downtown Phoenix Az. PS. Have to mention after 1 year of living here we are now dealing with strong 2nd hand smoke coming from the apartment above. This smoke comes in through the ventilation system. My wife has asthma and can no longer stay here. Guess we will have to move on.
Phoned on a whim, midday on a Saturday, inquiring if they had time to provide a synthetic oil change on my Mazda.  They did.  This was the first time I had brought my car in and was pleased with the service.  I thought there might have been an issue with the air conditioning and Chris was able to check it out and professionally reported nothing wrong.  The interior of the store was clean and they offered a comfortable, air-conditioned TV room to wait in while the car was being serviced.   Service time was less than 30 minutes.  I was very pleased!
I got a few tattoos done by Rudy at the shop in Phoenix recently.  These are the first tattoos I've gotten since moving to AZ recently.  I was referred to Electrik Ink by a friend and she was right about this place.  I was able to text Rudy what I was looking to do and he immediately responded and we set up an appointment.  He was very friendly and professional and did really nice work.  I would not hesitate to return to Electrik Needle for more tattoos.
Not open during the poster operating hours. I have had this issue many times with this location closing early especially on the weekend!
I think the key to a good cab experience in this city is reserving one in advance. \n\nI made a reservation online for my airport run the next day and got a call (that I happened to miss) about 2.5 hours after I hit submit. I called back and confirmed my cab for the next morning. They explained that they would call 30 minutes before the scheduled pick up time and if I missed the call, they would not dispatch the cab. They also saw that I was going to the airport with 3 people so they asked if we would need a bigger car which I accepted. \n\nThey called 30 minutes before pick up and then called about 7 minutes before pick up time to say they were outside. Our driver loaded our luggage for us and unloaded it when we got to the airport. They had a Verifone MX870 machine attached to the seat to pay by credit card which then had the option to add a tip by percentage to make it easy to figure out. My only complaint was the fee to pay by credit. But overall a good experience!
Phenomenal restaurant!! Everything is freshly made--the waitress made the guacamole right in front of us. Chips were hot and homemade. They have some very unique dishes, but also a lot of traditional Mexican dishes. \n\nI got a dish with chicken, a bunch of fruit, and an almond cream sauce baked inside of a poblano pepper. I wouldn't think to put those ingredients together, but it was such a delicious meal! My sister got tacos and said that they were fantastic as well. \n\nAlso, make sure you try their homemade horchata! \n\n100% would go back again. I love the cozy vibes, delicious food, and beautiful art outside of the cafe!
Okay...I'll break it down for you:\nMy frames were bent due to leaving them in a hot car (that's a no-no).\nI did not buy my glasses at this place.\nHowever, when I showed them my frames, they took them in the back and reshaped them back to normal.\nNo Charge!\nThat's forward thinking, which is a lost art.\nWhile I waited, I perused their items.\nThis place has a lot of glasses.\nIf I wanted, I could buy diamond-studded, purple sunglasses.\nIf\/when I decide to buy a nice pair of glasses, I will go to this place
Great little Chinese place. The one by my house closed down and I went looking for a new spot. Found this one and it does not disappoint. The actual inside could use some work but the food is always good
What an amazing experience I had here! I got eyelash extensions done for so cheap and they used terrible glue and Nelly was kind enough to take me in and remove them for me! We had a great conversation and she truly made sure I wasn't in any pain. She gave me back my weekend and I'm so  thankful. She's an awesome lady who really cares about your health and well-being. I'd recommend her 100%.
I stopped by Sushi Style today for a bite of lunch.  Even though it was lunch hour and a lot of places are jam-packed, this sushi restaurant was busy but not to the point you had to wait for service.\n\nThe waitress was fantastic.  Before I even had settled fully in she had brought a delicious glass of fresh iced tea with lemon. I've been to places where you just have no idea if the tea has been sitting out for hours and is beginning to sour and it's not a pleasant experience.  \n\nI had a tootsie roll which was very good..the eel sauce combined with the crunch on a crab California roll was awesome.  I also had an Arizona roll which was again, awesome.  I will most likely be back very soon again for lunch or dinner.  My husband and I only go to one or two places for sushi, and this place gives Yen Sushi a run for its money with its broad menu and great service.
This use to be a Second Cup so it is spacious and has a lot of seating but the seats are always taken because service is so slow. 20mins for soft serve ice cream with cake toppings and peanut butter m&m is ridiculous. The place is also dirty and smells. I feel bad for the employees because it looked like they were short staffed so they can't keep up with cleaning and serving customers.\nI've been to other ice cream places that mix ice cream with candy, nuts and other stuff and there is never a wait...so there is something wrong here with the wait times at Hollywood Cone. On a positive note the price isn't that bad for what you get.
Food is solid, but not spectacular.  Pretty much classic pub grub.  Good beer selection, both draft and bottle.
FREE museum!  This review is for the people that think Tremont is just a bunch of bars, hipsters, and restaurants.  Tremont is actually a culturally rich area that was originally occupied by immigrants.  I live down the street so I walked over here one snowy afternoon.  You can get through the whole thing in about an hour.  Self guided tour.  It is really cool!  Open Tues-Sat from 10-3.  Limited hours because it is run by volunteers.  \n\nBeautiful old restored home with Parquet floors.  Filled with historic artwork and stained glass windows.  The first floor has hand painted wooden easter eggs which is an Eastern European tradition.\n\nIn the back is a second small museum.  This is filled with 1917 WWII propaganda pictures and old military hospital ward pictures of Ukranian soldiers around 1916.  I am a nurse so I think this is cool.  I also think the military posters are cool.  They say things like you don't have to speak English to join the American Military.  \n\nThis place also serves as a community center for Ukranian people.  They have lectures once a month spoken in Ukraine that anyone is welcome to attend.   The museum is located about a 3 min drive from the Christmas Story House, and is in a very safe neighborhood, so if you are from out of town check the two out together.
Place is clean and area felt safe. Washers and dryers are clean. We went pretty late. They have free WiFi and TV 's to help pass the time as you wait.
Make sure you have six months or more before the statute of limitations expires or they won't take your case. Also the paralegal I spoke to had no idea on how I could file a motion on my own behalf so I don't lose out . I was rear ended at a stop light by a middle aged woman who was texting, totally pathetic
Lana does great work. I had a dress that I bought a medium in when I really should have gotten a small. She had me try the dress on and there was really minimal explanation that she needed from me. This was great - she knows just what to do simply by looking at how the dress sits on your frame. You can tell she brings years of experience to the table and she is someone you can trust to make whatever you bring in look great on you.
Well, to start, apparently on Tuesday nights they have a "paintnite" where they take up one side of the restaurant where all the booths and real tables are. They use a microphone to give painting directions that is way too loud!\nThe food we ordered, steamed clams, 2 half pound orders, one garlic and one Cajun, came out in the same bowl and had a bad taste, like mildew water.\nThe tacos were good. They were on sale, $3 each. \nWe also had the New England Clam Chowder in a sourdough bread bowl, that was bland but good. Also a lobster roll sandwich, was good but still had to much mayo after we ordered it with very little mayo. \nThe blackened cat fish was moist and tender but not blackened enough. \nI must say I don't write reviews all the time, but I felt I needed to warn the public.
In a nutshell: This restaurant has the rudest staff of any restaurant I've ever eaten at in my life. \n\nI came here on a beautiful New Years Day afternoon, with my boyfriend and my dog. Before sitting down, I asked one of the servers on staff if it was alright for me to have my dog sit down by our table while we ate. She's fifteen years old and was on a leash at the time, which I explicitly said. He said it was absolutely fine, no problems whatsoever, so I went to seat myself at the very end of the patio, furthest away from all the other tables so as to not disturb any other guests who might come along - it was totally empty.\n\nAbout fifteen minutes later, while my boyfriend was in the bathroom, I gave my mom a quick call since she was wondering what time we'd be getting done eating. In the middle of my conversation with her, I heard someone talking loudly and aggressively next to me, so I looked over, and he was staring angrily at me. I asked him what he had said, and he acted like I had affronted him. So he even more angrily boomed, "I SAID GET OFF YOUR PHONE, NOW. AND MOVE YOUR DOG, NOW. PLEAAASE." I was utterly confused, not just by his psychotic rudeness, but by what he meant by that. My dog was laying at my feet under the table, not in anyone's way at all. He started talking about how it was HIS table and HIS chair and I had better get off the phone and was waving his hands and pointing at the chair where I had tethered her leash, all while my mom was talking to me in my ear. Very disorienting. But finally I understood that he wanted me to tether her to a different chair, even though there were 40 other empty chairs around us he could have used to seat the couple instead. In fact, the table they were being seated at already had two chairs. Bizarre.\n\nI very calmly told him that he didn't have to speak so rudely. He starting going off about how I have no idea what I'm talking about and I don't respect anyone else's space and I was taking up two tables and it's his chair so he can tell me what to do with it. Since I had finally hung up, it clicked, "Oh, this is your restaurant?" I was totally baffled how someone who actually wanted to run a successful establishment would treat his customers like common criminals. "YES, MA'AM. MINE." That was all I needed to hear. We immediately left.\n\nI'm in total shock. This guy has an axe to grind with his customers.
If you have any self respect, do not stay here. My partner was physically attacked by security here. Spoke to the manager, only to be informed that the security isn't employed by the hotel. A police report will be filed as the assault was unwarranted. They will not release video footage to us as they know they're in the wrong. The security has been seen conversing with some shady looking guys as they stare us down.  I DEFINITELY do NOT FEEL SAFE HERE! Checking out immediately. \n\nIt's so sad to see that interracial relationships are still treated with such disrespect. 'Some people need to be taught a lesson, in special ways.' Is what he heard before he was assaulted from behind. Wth?! \n\nThe management change and all of these cute games won't fool us anymore. This place is dangerous, floors are filthy (I took a shower and walked from the bathroom to my bed and my feet were black, that's another story) and there's is no customer service.  I used to visit this place twice a year until I started traveling abroad. It's been 3 years and this is what I'm welcomed back with?!  No. Not acceptable.
Every time I go here I wonder why it's not packed out the door -- the food is EXCELLENT! I really enjoy their curries, especially the pumpkin curry. The appetizer sampler platter is also a hit when I take my parents to dinner. Interesting cocktail specials, too. I brought my Meetup here a few years ago and everyone was taken care of and we had a nice low-key, stress-free event.
Over-priced for breakfast, but you can go here for the delicious eggs and the fruit. They have a fantastic selection of egg-dishes and their fruit salad was delicious. But the rest of the menu was so-so to sub-par. Their pancakes are about the size (and taste) of hockey-pucks and their sausage was way too salty.
This is the first medical marijuana certification clinic I would recommend to a friend or loved one. I first certified at UMMC, and have since re-certified there.\nDr. Judi is a consummate professional, taking the time to talk to me about my medical history in a comfortable knowledgable manner.
Food was decent; just you're normal Asian fast food. \n\nPretty clean on the inside. \n\nMy biggest issue is the guy taking orders had his earbuds in and talking on the phone. Even when I was standing in front of him ready to order, he just stood there, looking at me, and STILL talking on the phone.
Wow! Our food was amazing. I ordered the filet it was like butter. My sister ordered the paella. Her dish was very authentic. The red lentil soup was also amazing. Loren is the best waiter! Ask for him!:)
My first time here, food was delicious! I recommend this place, if you want real Italian food. Love it...
I was so happy with my mani and pedi designs Natalie at Foxie created for me. The service was neat. The place was a bit cold yet welcoming.
Since I have foot problems and am limited as to the type of shoes I can wear I generally come here. Normally both of your feet are measured for accuracy.  Most styles come in European sizes so I am familiar with the size I normally wear.\n\nThey also sell orthotics which you can put in sneakers or special orthodics for dress shoes. If you have a foot problem they will give give you 10% off your purchase of the orthotic once your mention your doctor's name.\n\nI normally come here for sneakers, sandals and on rare occasion a dress shoe. They offer a reward program for the amount of your purchase once you reach a certain threshhold.\n\nI have never had a problem with any of my orthotics and give them a high recommendation. They do offer trunk shows which was the reason for my recent visit since I needed a pair of summer sandals and a waterproof sneaker for an upcoming trip. Normally they sell New Balance for sneakers and their prices are relatively comparable to that which you would find in other shoe stores.\n\nHowever, the do carry some better lines so expect to pay a little more if you want the quality of a name brand shoe. You are permitted to purchase the items and try it around the house to see if you are comfortable with it. If unhappy then you have two weeks to return it at which point it becomes a final sale.\n\nTime will normally tell if I had made the right purchase or not. I bought a pair of waterproof sneakers and an Allegra sandal which is versatile. They were kind enough to stretch the sneaker to make sure it wasn't bothering my bunion.\n\nLocated at the Waterfront parking can be a bit difficult but there is usually ample parking in the back of the complex.
The pros:\nThe owners and staff are sweet, helpful, funny people who will happily leave you alone to meander the aisles or find the exact book you are looking for the moment you ask. \nThe selection is intense for a used book store. I am always able to find several books on my to-buy list, from classics to conspiracy; philosophy to sci-fi. I have found ridiculously reasonably priced first editions, a little worn, but that doesn't bother me as I am buying them to read and add wear of my own. The pricing is reasonable, and their trade system is great. If you have leftover trade at the end of your visit, they keep it on file for you. \nAnd the smell, as others have stated, is amazing. A great used bookstore smell makes me happy like no other. \n\nThere are no cons. It could be slightly more organized, but it seems they are in the process of moving some things around, so I'll cut them slack on that. I love this place. It is my new favorite used bookstore. Kudos to the owners for doing their job so well.
First things first: CHRISTOPHER DIXON (our salesman) was the absolute best--5 Stars for him!\n\nThe only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it took foreeeevvverrrr to actually buy the vehicle that day.  We were there for 5 hours.  (Especially long considering we didn't need financing), but that had nothing to do with Christopher...it was just the busy-ness level that day, and it was pretty exhausting...but other than that, it was a great experience.\n\nOkay, from the top: So, I was scared to death to buy my Jeep from this place because the reviews on Yelp were absolutely horrendous.  I basically had no other choice than to come here, though, because they were the only Jeep dealership in town that had the exact vehicle than I wanted: a white Jeep Wrangler Unlimited Sahara, leather interior, polished aluminum wheels, and an Alpine sound system.  Thankfully, our salesman was Christopher Dixon, and made us immune to any of the bad stuff that had been reviewed here.  He got us a decent price after he brought out his higher-up Chuck VanHorn (who was hilarious, very friendly, and very professional) to barter with my fiance a bit, and they finally landed at a price they were both comfortable with.  \n\nChristopher brought the newly-detailed car out from the service department to show us all the ins and outs of the UConnect system, the navigation, voice activation, hill descent, taking the hard top off and on before we went home with it.  He knew his stuff, and made us feel comfortable with it before we left.  After we drove my dream Jeep home, I apparently wasn't listening to Chris's "how to pair a device with the car's bluetooth" speech.  Before I could call him even the following day, he had already called to follow up the next afternoon to see how I was liking the Jeep, if I had any questions\/concerns, and to make sure I was happy.  He's just awesome.  The fact that I didn't have to call and wait on a response for ages (let alone get called BEFORE I even call) showed me his friendliness was not just to "get the sale"...he really was like this even after you've already purchased the vehicle from him.  Anywho, I called him back, told him I couldn't figure it out, and he told me I could come over to the dealership right away and he'd help me out...he helped me within minutes of my call!!  He was in the parking lot waiting for me when I got there.  Finally, customer service isn't laborious for someone...they think it's something you deserve when you're making a huge life purchase!\n\nTHEN.... I hadn't even owned the damn Jeep for 48 hours when some turd in a parking lot scraped my back bumper and didn't leave a note to fess up to what they had done.  :( Slight body damage on my car before I could even put 60 miles on it!  Well, Christopher helped me with the device pairing and helped me with the back  bumper issue.  He called me the next morning to let me know what the service department had said: told me to have the part replaced would be $300 (NO WAY!!!) or he said the service guy could try to repair it with a couple tricks at the service shop for $50.  He really is the best salesman I've worked with, and I'm so happy I hit the jackpot with him the day we went looking for a Jeep.  He is professional, prompt, friendly, funny, and honest.  Thank you for your help Christopher.  If anyone I know here needs a vehicle, I will be sending them straight to you so they can have a stress-free buying experience like we did!
Two lunch items: a goat curry and a jerk chicken. The former was fairly straightforward, the latter had a distinctive flavor different than other jerk recipes; it's not too hot for those unacquainted with Caribbean food to try. I'd definitely order it again. I'd recommend it more for dinner than lunch. The husband and wife combo who run the place are very nice.
Not a bad place, but not a great place. Got an order to go, but they were out of the ham and forgot the potato salad. We ended up with pulled pork and smoked turkey. Meat was okay, and I was not impressed with the BBQ sauce. I would try another place rather than eat there again.
We showed on a Saturday as a party of five. With a friend visiting from our of town, I figured we would take her to a few neat spots. The bar area is really nice, the lounge area in the back was beautiful. I really wanted to like it, I really did.\nApproached the hostess, asked if we could sit outside. Advised, no, they only have seating for four. Is it that hard to pull up a chair? So we were directed to the lounge area in the back.... We were shown to two lounge type seats for FOUR people and they handed us a wooden dinning room table for our fifth... BUT that couldn't be done on the patio.\nWe looked over the menus, decided on drinks and even on a small plate. We sat for five minutes, no one ever came. So, we left. Walked right past the service station, made eye contact with a server as we passed... NOTHING WAS SAID. Not even a hey, we will be with you in a second. Nothing. \n Yet another spot to not return to. Ever.
*** Review is for Restaurant Week 2015 menu ***\n\nRestaurant Week gave me the push to try Lao Sze Chuan.  I probably wouldn't have stopped here but for their being on the Restaurant Week list.   Their menu actually is four courses and they have flexibility with their offering.\n\nAfter asking for the Restaurant Week menu, the server brought it to me and explained that I could mix both the appetizers and the mains with smaller portions so you could try more.  Instead of getting three pot stickers, I was able to order 1 Shanghai egg roll, 1 chicken egg roll, and 1 pork pot sticker.  For the main course, I was allowed to get half portions of any two dishes so I ordered the three chili chicken and the lemon shrimp.  I opted for the hot and sour soup and for dessert I ordered the coconut ice cream.\n\nMy iced tea was brought quickly and I took the time to enjoy the beautiful room.  It is very nice.  Soon a gentleman brought my hot and sour soup.  When I was halfway through the soup, my server brought me the appetizer.  I just don't understand this lack of serving separate courses that I've experienced in Asian restaurants--twice during this Restaurant Week period.  The hot and sour soup was very good and I wish I had some time to savor the flavors after finishing before having to dig into the appetizer.  The egg rolls were OK.  The pot sticker was a bit of a letdown.  One side was not completely done and had a doughy taste.  With the appetizer I got soy, hot mustard, and sweet and sour sauce.  \n\nThe main courses were large servings.  A full serving would be a large amount of food for sure.  The lemon shrimp was very good and consisted of 11 shrimp if I counted correctly.  The three chili chicken was good but it wasn't as spicy as I like.  What kick there was came from cracked pepper in the batter and hot sesame oil.  The plate had a lot of oil from the chicken.  \n\nThe coconut ice cream was very good and a nice way to end the meal.  The ice cream not only had a coconut flavor but also had toasted coconut flakes mixed throughout.  Very refreshing.\n\nThe service was a mixed bag here.  My server, Rachel, was quite good.  She brought me a fresh iced tea when my first one was only half finished.  She was very pleasant, had a great smile, and if she had been doing all the serving, I have a feeling the soup and the apps wouldn't have overlapped.\n\nThis could be a four star place.  I'd recommend they watch the courses and space them out a bit more.  I was in and out of the restaurant in just over 45 minutes.  Give me a little more time to savor the separate parts of the meal.
Draft house definitely has the small town vibe going on, where everyone knows everyone else and gossip runs rampant anytime someone walks in the door. I came here by myself for a lunch break in-between home visits for my job, and when I walked in it felt like everyone turned and looked at me. I seated myself in the front room that is separate from the bar and a waitress came to me right away to hand me my menu. \n\nI had the BLT with fries and it was tasty. It wasn't blowing my mind it just was good. It's tough to get a BLT wrong. The fries were good, the waitress was quick and I was in and out within 20 minutes. I appreciated the speediness as I was on a schedule. If I find myself in the area again I would definitely stop by again. It's better than fast food, that's for sure.
Great food and service. We all tried something different and shared. Food and service was A+. The pizza, sliders, wings, cheeseburger. We're well prepared and whoever is the Chef makes it great point to insure great tasting food. Great place before the game - just across the street.  All of us will be back \nBEH
Everything was delicious!! The molcajete was the bomb! Waitress was very helpful and good service from all the restaurant... free complimentary fish tostada delicious.. the horchata is the best I ever try!
very busy place. Ordered for large group and staff was very friendly and accommodating. Left and got a call that they forgot an item so drove back and they met me outside with item. Excellent local find.
Very disappointing, I'm still irritated.\nI paid $8 for a small mocha with the banana purée they offer which sounded great\nI got it half sweet, also asked for double shot of espresso \nI ordered with the barista \nThe drink came and although it had a pretty heart on it and I really was shocked that I tasted no coffee, no essence of espresso, just basically a hot chocolate \nThe cashier was someone different now\nwhen I politely mentioned the mistake and asked if maybe they forgot to put in the espresso (which happens a lot -- I worked at Starbucks )they kind of ignored me and tried to tell me you can't taste it with the banana which is nuts because I'm an an avid coffee drinker of all types and i know a small latte based beverage with a double shot coffee should be tasted.\nI told him I had it half sweet so I knew it wasn't the sweetness hiding the coffee then he said you couldn't get it half sweet which I laughed that he would say such a weird thing, simply less chocolate seems obvious \nThe barista didn't get involved just confirmed he did put in the shots and they dismissed my concern flat out \nThe problem was the drink wasn't right and then I suggested for them maybe they could just add another shot to fix this flavour at least not to mention the caffeine I really needed\nThe barista then argumentatively said you have to pay \nJust to be clear I was not trying to get anything free but knew I was drinking a hot chocolate and not a coffee\nSeriously lacking customer service here and there's tons of other places to go to in the area and I felt robbed and brushed off.\nI told him that's ok I'll just never come back.\nI was the customer and I was walking on eggshells to spare their feelings about their lousy drink only to have no recovery and they had already taken my money.\nThis money is hard earned and the disregard blows my mind.\nI threw out the damn "coffee" a block later.\nAnd the funniest part is I work in film and we were shooting today on college st and it's pretty hilarious that I could return to a film set and tell everyone don't go to Film Cafe. So enjoy the results you make with the terrible impression you put on me.\nReally too bad since this is what I got for skipping Tim Horton's and supporting local.\nBullshit experience. I shoulda bought a taco across the street instead.
Food looked really good on the table of other's, huge portions, except ours never made it to our table...Went in on a Sunday afternoon with not much rush, placed an order right away and waited about 55 minutes with absolutely no idea where our order was and the single staff server saying it was coming in 2 minutes or completely avoiding eye contact. Paid for our coffees and left an hour later, table in front of us also had left without their food. Ridiculous customer service with no apology in the end.
Viva El Taco is very close to my house. It has been our preferred taco shop for 7 years. Despite coming here very regularly the staff acted very indifferent to us for years. Eventually, the woman who takes our orders started acknowledging us but making comments like "wow, how can you eat the same thing all the time?" Well, why would they care, I am giving them business? Still we remained loyal customers until our most recent incident. We were with friends and we decided to order nachos and a ton of tacos for sharing. My husband goes to pick up the food and the same employee who usually rings us up is there. She makes a comment about how we have started ordering a lot more food than in the past. Yes, as mentioned before, we have been coming here for years and we had two kids and have gradually started ordering more food. So my husband says "yeah, we have the kids now and my son can eat a whole burrito by himself" and she responds "I don't know if that is a good thing" at that point we decided we were done giving this place our business. I don't need someone looking at our orders and calculating what we are eating, what amount, etc. Really wondering why they wouldn't just appreciate our regular business instead of making snarky comments.
Very friendly,helpful employees. Had the house coffee and wife had a vanilla latte with coconut milk. Both very good, Nice comfy,sitting places :)
First I have to say that I've only been once and only had appetizers (several as I was with a group on business). We had cocktails, pizzas, and several of their cheese and meat trays.\n\nI wasn't excited to go as I used to have a North in my neighborhood in Glendale and was not impressed. I've also been to the Scottsdale location and the white leather, super modern motif doesn't really do it for me. The food was always "just ok" too, especially for the price.\n\nThings have changed. The North in Arcadia is set up to look like a rustic Italian kitchen. I give major kudos for the pasta being freshly made by hand.\n\nThe cocktails I was having (called the Quiet Italian Gentleman) were a fantastic mix of rye, amaretto, and two other Italian liquors. Yum!\n\nAnother cool note is that they use a hand cranked deli slicer to slice their meats in order not to melt the wonderful fats in the meat. I've never seen this before and enjoyed the touch.\n\nPizzas were fair to good, but pizza is a tough nut to crack. I think I had every meat and cheese they offered. Every one was quite nice.\n\nThe only draw back was that it was HOT inside, which is apparently a problem as the manager came by to advise that an additional unit is being installed so this shouldn't be an issue going forward.\n\nOur server was also excellent.\n\nI'll be back.\n\nPS Parking is valet only, which annoys some people. Not me since it is complementary and makes me feel special so its worth the couple buck tip.
Like any other Eat-n-Park.  A great local diner chain, with much better food than the nationals.  Signs say the food is sourced from local farmers in the Summer.  A good thing, because Western PA grows some of the finest produce in the country.
Visited last night (Thursday). The patio is cute, nice romantic chill ambiance. It was the main reason we decided to try it out.\n\nThe food was a complete disappointment. We ordered the frites which are basically hard chips with a spicy sauce on top (yuck!). The tomato dish was okay but overpriced - 5 slices of tomato with some seasoning for $12?? Finally the veggie quesadillas had barely any cheese inside and the tortilla tasted awful and plasticky. Also $5 for a piece!!\n\nDrinks were okay, nothing special though. Needless to say, not coming back.
Not my favorite, but always worth a stop if I find myself at Tempe Marketplace.  While it's clean enough and has a nice topping bar, it has fewer flavors than other shops in town.  It seems I always end up disappointed in the choices available that day.  But I do somehow manage to find enough to overfill my cup.
MY GOD!! \n\nIf it's one thing you want to bet on while you're in town this weekend this is it!   And by betting i meant making a sure bet of $14.  The only risk involved is missing the opportunity to order this as it is served during lunch fri-sun 12pm-5pm.\n\nDUCK CONFIT CINNAMON ROLL w\/ Smoke Bacon Frosting and Raspberry Compote:\nThe frosting is made with bacon dripping, and they put on a fair amount without overwhelming the dish entirely (not that i would mind..).  Underneath the icing were bits of shredded duck meat that could have been easily overlooked, but those few, salty specs added another dimension to this rich, bakery good.  Topped off with a Raspberry Compote and you got yourself a wild card in your face.  Fancy!  \n\nThe two thick slab of Grilled Pork Belly paired on the opposite end of the plate will have your mouth gambling for a compromise.  In the end the climax would solidify because there is no reasoning!  Each mismatch bite just seems to get better and better.  \n\nI can't even recall the last time i had Cinnamon Roll or why I'd stop eating them.  With sentimentally I've regret the absence of these sweet rolls, but thanks to Comme Ca i can once again tally this into my current streak!
This place is great! We got the meat and cheese boards, sweet potatoes bravas, and short rib. The service and food were wonderful!
Well I made my way to Tee Pee last night and it was an experience to say the least. I was on the net at work the other day and watched a teaser for some new show that Andrew Zimmern is coming out with. The episode I was watching was shot here in Phoenix at the Tee Pee restaurant. He of course ordered the chile relleno. I thought it looked interesting so I planned a trip to check it out. \n    My mother and I arrived and walked in and had a seat in one of the booths in the back room. This is where the wheels came off the evening. The booth was ,to say the least, uncomfortable. My mother is only 4'10 and her whole body was under the table. All you could see was her head sticking up and she looked rather unhappy. We then tried another table and found much of the same. I am not a small guy and I was having problems with the fact that the seat was a bit to close to the table for me. We then tried a third table and found the same thing so we just stayed there. Finally a couple left at a table next to us and we moved for the forth time and this was much more comfortable. \n    I ordered the green chili chimichanga and my mother ordered the machaca burro. They both came out pretty quickly and looked very good but mine was a bit on the small side. My mothers burrito was much larger. I tried my chimi and found the first bite to have a strange flavour.  It was something like a strong sour after taste. Not pleasant. As I ate my way deeper into the chimi it did get much better but still was not the best I had ever had. Biggest complaint was the shell on the chimi was not crispy at all. I am used to a chimi shell, which is deep fried, having a nice crunch to it. This was pretty mushy and soft.\n    My mother tried her burrito and was very pleased with the flavor. It had a nice soft tortia and the meat looked very nice. I reached over and had a taste and it was very good. If I would have known I would have ordered that instead. We also ordered a chile relleno to go so we would have a chance to give that a try since it looked so interesting on the Zimmern show I had seen. We finished our meals and payed and left taking our football sized relleno with us for later. I arrived home and had to take a bite of the chile relleno. It was NOT GOOD!!!!!! it was nothing but cheese with chiles laying on top with a ton of whipped egg whites over them. No flavour at all, and the texture was just not appealing. I had 3 bites and threw the rest away. That was $9 waisted. \n   All and all I would not go back to Tee Pee. There are so many mexican places here in Phoenix that kill Tee Pee in flavour and portion size, and they have booths that are much more comfortable.
I had an amazing time at Little Blackbird Skin Care!  \n\nThis was my first facial and I did not know what to expect, but I was completely blown away!  Carrera is  professional and extremely knowledgable about the products that she uses.  \n\nShe took particular care of the blackheads on my nose and used the utmost care in making sure the blackheads were eliminated!\n\nShe recommended a moisturizer that I purchased from her and I could not be happier!  She only wanted to help me and did not push product on me which is why I've shied away from going to places like Massage Envy.  \n\nMy face has never felt better and the moisturizer is fantastic!  I will definitely recommend Carrera and Little Blackbird Skin Care to all of my friends and family who are in town and who will be visiting!
The food has definitely gone down hill. You don't get what you pay for. The food wasn't as flavorful as I remember it to be. This is definitely not the place for wings anymore.
A dump.   Rooms are made for dwarfs!  Fremont street bands rock through the rooms facing Fremont til 2-4am.  Most rooms have no tub just a mini shower that look like they have lead pipes.  Swamp coolers in 115 degree heat yeah that gets it down to 95.  Elevator door almost took my hand off when I tried to stop it...A Dump!
I absolutely loved this store! There is so much variety and everything is very well organized. The store was very clean which is always nice. It is a fairly new store so there were some sparse areas on the shelves. I will definitely return for the product alone! I am such a home decor\/ organization junkie. However, the staff did not seem very well trained. I've worked retail before and I know whenever people enter the store late it's frustrating because after a long day of work you just want to go home BUT your customers shouldn't feel that from you. We walked in around 8:50pm and the store closes at 10pm. We saw a total of about six different employees through our time walking the store which was about 45 minutes. Not one of them greeted us or asked if we needed help finding anything. I asked an associate a question and she answered as she was walking away from me which I found rude even though she may not have realized what she was doing. She was young and may not have much customer service experience. Again after we encountered her there was about four other associates that just walked passed us. The worst part of this trip was at checkout. We were in line one customer being helped and four others (a couple, a mother and her two kids and a lady with a return and us). The cashier noticed the line getting long and I believe she called for help. The second cashier walked up in no hurry and they were both ringing up at a slow pace. A third girl walked in from her break, up to the register between us and another customer, logged into the computer, sipped on her soda she got on lunch or break and just ignored the line. When we finally got to the register she asked if I wanted to sign up and I asked if there was a way I could do it at home. She looked at me for a few seconds (almost annoyed that I asked the question) and then said "if you want to" so I just said ok I'll do that. I paid cash she handed my cash back but did not count it back to me and said have a good night. We passed another employee on the way out who also did not acknowledge us. Again I am obsessed with this store and will definitely come back but the customer service needs some work.
Lemongrass is located inside Aria hotel right next to blossom. I came here for lunch two days ago with a party of about 10. The service was awful. When we sat down, there was no waiter to be found anywhere near by. I kept having to turn my head back and forth just so I can wave one down. I had to walk to the hostess stand to ask for some menu's to look at. By the time the waiter came, we were ready to order. \n\nI ordered the thai tea as my beverage. It took almost 10 minutes to come out. The thai tea wasn't sweet enough. I've had better. \n\nMy boyfriend & I shared the jellyfish and the Lemongrass prawns as the appetizers. I don't recommend the jellyfish. It was too largely cut that it was so hard to chew. I wish it was thinly sliced. So the "Lemongrass prawns" came out. And it looks like a fishcake or something. So I asked the waiter what it was and he said fish cake. I told him we didn't order that and that was ordered prawns. So he added that in as well. Then the "prawns" came out and it was an eggroll prawn. There was 3 different waiters at this table and they were all saying different things. Finally we verified that it was the Lemongrass prawn and just turn into a mousse. The Lemongrass Prawns was actually pretty decent. It was just a hassle to figure out what everything was. \n\nAs our entree we ordered the drunken noodles with seafood. It was okay. The portion was kind of small. There wasn't enough flat noodles. It was about $20 for this dish. \n\nI thought this restaurant was pretty pricey for an "Asian" restaurant. And it wasn't even satisfying.
Went there again for lunch.  The selection was VERY poor with huge sections of the conveyor belt being empty.  Thankfully, if you asked the chefs, they prepared whatever we wanted.  I am not sure why the selection wasn't out on the conveyor but, we still got what we wanted and it was delicious.
This tour was awesome.  I left stuffed and satisfied.  We stopped at three restaurants where the samples weren't samples.  They were practically entrees!  Our last stop (the fourth stop) was a coffee\/pastry shop and the cookies were to die for.  The tour was definitely worth every penny we spent.  We also opted for the alcohol sampling and that too was pretty awesome.\n\nThe tour consisted of walking at least 1-2 miles so please be prepared and wear comfortable shoes.
Tried this on Saturday while we were in Vegas and we're looking for something to eat for lunch, walking in there are multiple lines, alternating deponga on what you plan to order. If you wanted al pastor you went in one line and any other kind of meat you went to a separate line. My boyfriend and I both ordered 2 tacos de al pastor each and a small side of carne asada fries. The fries were not that great, that's why they are not getting the full 5 stars. They didn't have enough cheese and were mostly covered in their avocado sauce, and although it is good, I like my carne asada fries to be cheesy. Now the tacos were absolutely delicious! Fresh hand made tortillas, and the meat was delicious, I wish I had ordered more tacos and skipped the fries
Great Burger!! comparable to In-n-Out. the fries are fresh and very tasty. A small order of fries was good enough for two people.
Absolutely love this store. My boyfriend and I are addicted, the owners are awesome & they always have a great selection of games. We don't live close but try to find a way to make it down often!
This place has some of the best breakfast food ever! I have never once gotten something I didn't like. Fast, friendly service, even on weekends, with a refreshing vibe and cool decor around the resteraunt make this my family's favorite breakfast diner.
Stumbled across the lovely Victory's during my free play and stay package from the station casinos! There was no wait and we were seated right away which is always a plus!! After accumulating so many points my friend was able to score us a free room along with some food vouchers that gave us $25 off any restaurant located within the casino! Well we actually picked this place by default because it was so late and everything else closes at either 9-10 PM! Glad we did they had pretty good service for the most part AND some amazing fish and chips!! Ordered that along with the catfish platter and mozzarella sticks everything was super fresh and came out in a very good time! Didn't have any room for desert but I'm sure that would've been just as good as the rest of our meal!
This is by far the best Mexican drive-thru in the area. My favorite is their super nachos. I have never had a bad meal when eating their food. \nI no longer live in the area and I miss their food, I have yet to find a place here in the Monterey Peninsula that comes close to the quality of food at Filibertos. \nEvery time I am in the AZ I go to Filibertos!
I heard incredible reviews of Tamarind before I went, so I had pretty high expectations. I'm pleased to report that my expectations were totally met! We got the garlic naan, rojan josh, and chicken tikka masala served with basmati rice. All of it was good, but the tikka masala was by FAR our favorite.Creamy and full of amazing flavor! My 2, 4, and 6 year old loved it, although it was a wee bit spicy for my 2 year old. \n\nThe industrial decor is on point and the service is good. Tamarind is definitely going on our list of favorite restaurants! Thanks for a completely delicious dining experience!
I was here the other night and I was not impressed.  Joyful house is overpriced and overhyped.  I had a fried flounder with sweet and sour sauce (the special of the day $22) and honey walnut shrimp.  The honey walnut shrimp was good but lacking for the price.  The flounder was a mess.  It came soaked in cheap, and unpleasant sauce that came straight from a bottle.  I wasn't even surprised when the check came and I was charged $8 more for my $22 flounder because they had used an entire bottle of sweet and sour sauce.  Needless to say I was not happy with being charged $30 dollars for an item I ordered under the clear impression it was $22.  Overall my check came to $56 including a $4 sprite.  If the floors were made of marble and the ambience was that of a 5 star restaurant I could see getting away with this but this is china town off the strip folks!  There are hundreds of amazing ridiculously reasonable Chinese, Thai, and Japanese restaurants in close proximity.  This restaurant is a tourist trap. Chinese locals do not eat here.
I managed to find a Groupon deal for flavors. Before the Groupon, I was told to go to try places like the Wicked Spoon, The Buffet at the Wynn, and Bacchanal Buffet. Even though they had great ratings and reviews, I was still in Vegas on a budget and dinner buffet prices are steep. Flavors is pricey as well but buying the Groupon, we still made out better than the regular price because AYCD alcoholic beverages were included.\n\nThe Groupon allowed us to jump in the reward member line and get special seating. It was great because the line to be seated was shorter. The service was very slow but the servers are very friendly. Maybe they were understaffed that night but we only were able to get 2 drinks a piece because the drink server pretty much had to serve our whole area alone. I guess it's good that we got two drinks a piece versus zero so the Groupon wasn't a total waste but I'm still not happy that I couldn't have more drinks.\n\nThe food was really good!!! There were so many options to choose from: Asian, Mexican, Italian, seafood, soul food. It was all delicious. I was so stuffed that I couldn't indulge in the desserts but my boyfriend let me try some of his ice cream and the strawberry ice cream was bomb!!\n\nIt would be great if they had a Groupon like this the next visit to Vegas because I would definitely come back. I would try to come to dinner early so I would have more time to indulge in food and drinks. Hopefully service speeds up as well.
I love the atmosphere of this place, they really make you feel at home. Pretty good beer selection and a great walleye fish fry.
I got there just a hour or so before closing so it wasn't busy at all. \n\nThey weren't really putting out much fresh food because the lack of guests in the dining area. The employees were really nice though and came over to my table to ask if I wanted a certain type of pizza to be made. The server recommend a certain type and I agreed.  \n\nIt's a very small buffet of food and small dining area. By the looks of it, it looks pretty run down. \n\nThe food isn't all that good but isn't all that bad. 50-50 to me. \n\nI was the last to leave out and I didn't feel pushed out the door. So that was very nice to not be rushed. \n\nI didn't have a bad experience, but I don't know if I would go back to this one. Maybe try another?
Food here is pretty inconsistent. I basically order the same thing every time (the I love salmon), yet the quality has been different every time. When the place first opened, it was great. The past few times, however, the fish has been served either a little too warm, at room temperature, or too thin, seems like I can see through it. The rice, sometimes, is too hard. The fish is also cut irregularly, sometimes they are a good size, other times, it's really tiny. \n\nThe last time I came here, however, it was really good. The portions were just right and the temperature of the fish was good. \n\nThere's not too much too complain, just small things that makes this place not completely satisfactory. Overall, still probably one of the better sushi places on campus.
Very unusual taste for a commonly-named Korean restaurant. You may observe that some the staff is Chinese but from Korean descent (Northern China probably) and the food actually reflects this aspect. Long story short: Korean food with Chinese particularities. \n\nConsequently, what you would traditionally order from a Korean restaurant will taste different than expected. First, note that menu is very rich and contains as many Chinese and Korean dishes. I opted for a $34 BBQ meat selection for two. Despite the familiar Korean name of the preparation, the sauce used was way more Soyu-based than usual Korean food. I thus felt that the fusion was interesting and very personal. Note that the food comes with the traditional side dishes such as Kimchi. Aside from what I had, there seem to be some interesting lunch specials.\n\nNot an outstanding experience but differently worth trying for a lunch.
As a Parent EMCC was great, my Son finished his AA degree and had no problems transferring to ASU as a Junior. The prices are great and the class availability is great, but you HAVE to register early!!!
Found this place on yelp (thanks yelpers!)- a little off the beaten path. We were lucky enough to snag the last indoor table on this chilly night as the majority of the place is outside seating. I can't wait to come back on a nice day. \n\nEnjoyed the craft beers- I had the rosemary IPA. \n\nGood variety of food, including sandwiches, burgers, salads, flat breads, various apps and other items. We really liked the tamales and tater tots. \n\nCute, local restaurant. We'll be back!
AMAZING JOB & GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE.  We used them twice (second time just the other day) & they are skilled masters at their trade.  \n\nIn a world of lousy customer service\/lousy jobs done, it was so refreshing to deal with Accurate Tree Service.  I almost wish I had more trees so I could give them more business!  Their rates were great & the crew was dynamic.  Hard workers, great work ethic, professional, great job\/cleanup.  I rarely say this about any company but I LOVE Accurate Tree Service! If you do not use them - it will be a loss to you - they will make you & your wallet smile  :-)
It was Sunday, 330am, and no line.  How lucky were we?!  Where else but Vegas where you can get this kind of meal at this time of the day!\n\nMy boyfriend and I shared the 1\/2 dozen oysters, new england clam chowder, and the bouillabase.  I know they are famous for their pan roast - but my boyfriend and I favor more of a broth like broth vs creamy.\n\nOMG everything was so amazing!  I was afraid of how large the oysters were because normally the ones I've had tasted off, but these were SO SWEET.  The new england clam chowder was of course very creamy and comforting.  And lastly, the Bouillabase was mouthwatering delicious!  The broth was so flavorful and there were so many chunks of seafood - fish, crab, scallop, and shrimp!\n\nIf I ever get the chance to come back again at an off time - I will DEFINITELY be back!
5 stars for the waitstaff and the Picadillo platter. The prices are great. It's a great place to stop by while running errands- not so much a place you want to hang w friends at it go on a date night. The interior is basic cafeteria style and I didn't care much for the chipped side plates: I know they add ambiance and charm but from a health stand point those cracks harbor bacteria. I still stand by my 5 stars for the food, prices and service. Cheers.
Petit *resto\/boutique de pâtisserie\/boulangerie Coréenne sympatique*! Les pains fourrés aux fromages et autres viandes m'ont fait penser à ceux de Coco Bun. Je ne m'y connais pas dans ce monde sucré\/salé asiatique et je n'ai pas été "flabergasté" par les produits mais mon amie venant de Séoule m'a fait découvrir le\nBing soo. C'est un genre de bol de glace râpé ( plus fin qu'un granité, on dirait des flocons de neige) sur lequel on peut y déposer: fèves rouges, fraises, mangues, chocolat ou appareil à base de thé! Le tout est couronné d'un peu de lait condensé et de petites boules de gâteau au riz ayant une texture faisant penser à un gummy bear ! Oui ok ça semble étrange comme mélange mais la magie opère en bouche ! Surprenant, rafraîchissant et léger! À essayer si vous passez dans le coin !
Ok. This is my first time to the new Bo! The place is modern and southern. Just what the Bo needed! This concept should serve Bo well going forward.
I've been here twice within 1 week and it has instantly become one of my top 5 favorite restaurants to visit. I'll break down my joy below..\n\nFood: Great! I've been to New Orleans, so I wasn't shocked by some of the offerings since they do seem to try to keep to traditional NOLA foods. The only thing (which they do mention) is that the spiciness is adapated for the Northern palate, so it's not as cajun as you might expect. The best? The red velvet bread pudding changed my world --- seriously, just try it out.\n\nAtmosphere: I love the look, feel, and vibe of this place. It's inviting, jovial, and a lot bigger than you'd expect. I was shocked by how large the inside was. They also play live music in the bar most nights. The only issue was that the one band was incredibly loud and my second visit was near the front of the joint. They allowed the band to continue playing loud and we could barely hear eachother. We even told them about it, and the waiters seemed to agree, but nothing was done. While I appreciated the music, it's still a restaurant and not a club.\n\nService: Great! Both times it seemed that the waiters enjoyed working there and were nothing but nice. \n\nPrice: They are a little expensive. You can get by with a cheaper tab if you stick to their flat breads (starting at $9) and desserts, but you'll definitely end up paying at minimum $15 (most above 20) a plate when you're considering entrees.
I LOVE Mexican food, so even average food will probably garner 3-stars from me.  I would say this is pretty average.  Everything was good, nothing was disappointing (except maybe the tortillas), but nothing was crazy good either.\n\nI will say that while the prices are "affordable", I wouldn't call it cheap.  This type of food is not expensive to make nor difficult to prepare, so I think $4.20 for a single taco, for example, is too high.  Combinations run about 10 bucks, specialty dishes $12-$15.  Expect to pay about $8 at lunch.\n\nOverall, not a bad place to go.  I will most likely return if in the neighborhood.
I wanted to like this restaurant so much.  I went on opening weekend and several times since then. Its tough to find a place with a drive through thats fast, that isn't gross. I wanted to like them, but I cant.  I do have positive and negative. \n\nPros: they do have delicious bread. Flavorful, fresh and lovely. Makes for a good foundation for a sandwich. Its always been very clean. They don't skimp on avocado, that makes me happy. Avocado is tasty. Good iced tea too. \n\nCons: I asked several people if any of their soups were vegetarian friendly. I was reassured by 4 separate people that they were, 2 bites and a queasy stomach cramp later I learned they are not. I brought it to the attention of the manager and was told that none of the soups are vegetarian and given a half heart felt sorry. I had to ask them to refund me for the soup I couldn't even eat.  It didn't occur to them that this would be the best course of action. Their menu is limited in its flexibility and my attempts to customize to meet my veggie needs are only successful half the time. I have to bring my food back a lot to be remade after meat was on my sandwich or in my salad anyway.  \n\nThe value of what you get versus what you pay isn't the best, but Im sure for many this is a great place to go, just not for me.
Stopped by since I had never been here and I had a coupon to use. Was greeted and told about the sale. I didn't find anything I liked in my size and as I was leaving the cashier is staring at my feet. Like really? I didn't say anything but I was definitely insulted! I will never return to this store again.
Checked out the infamous Bacchanal Buffett on a busy Friday afternoon around 1 PM. We were seated after a 25 minute wait and our server promptly took our drink orders. Coffee, iced tea and OJ were all included, alcohol was not inclusive but were reasonably priced. (Assortment of bottomless drinks for $18). The variety of foods ranged from pizza, seafood, salad, assorted cheeses, pasta, sushi, and desserts. \n\nI sticked to the sushi (sashimi and rolls), salad and seafood. Don't forget about dessert! They even have sugar free options! The only thing I did not particularly care for was the hot and sour soup. It was cold and not traditional hot and sour soup. \n\nI will most certainly be back for dinner or breakfast next time I'm in Vegas!
Come for the overpriced, mediocre tacos. Stay for the atrocious service! First (and last) time for me at this place. Went through the drive thru and after being told to wait a minute by the speaker, I waited over 5 minutes to place my order. Also, the order was wrong. And in a town with truly outstanding street tacos, these are not remotely worth $3 per taco. Maybe the burgers are better. I won't be back to find out.
My wife and I really wanted to like this place based on all the stellar reviews but unfortunately have to leave dissapointed.\n\nWe came here on a Thursday night at about 6pm and ordered the "love boat".\n\nThis came with a salad that was obviously sitting in a fridge for a while. The cucumbers inside the salad were quite obviously left over from when they shave the outside of cucumbers to make rolls, as it was just thr circular core of the cucumber. There was miso soup and also another small soup with some sort of noodle.\n\nThe boat came out and I think it was over sized for the amount of food that sat on top.\n\nThey had a plastic tree in it as decor, but I find that useless.\n\nThere was a significant amount of escolar (wax fish - if you don't know what this is please google), odd colored salmon and a small amount of "special" sashimi (really just one shrimp?)\n\nMost of the sushi pieces had a smearing of mayo, makes me wonder what are they trying to hide, as mayo on nearly every piece of sushi is just weird.\n\nThe rice in the sushi pieces were all irregularly shaped. Almost as if they grabbed random handfuls and squished it down. Seemed very amateur as i can make similar sushi rice at home, and that's not saying a lot.\n\nSushi rice was overly sweet and squished, sign of to much vinegar, and too much mixing as i could barely make out the grains.\n\nEvery piece was pretty irregular in shape and size. \n\nIn not saying every piece has to be perfect, but at least try to be consistent in your dish served. Some places like it smaller, some places bigger. I haven't seen mismatched salmon sushi pieces before...\n\nSashimi pieces were all cut irregularly and also quite a few looked "discolored" possibly because they squished a lemon slice on top. The acidity perhaps cooked it.\n\nWasabi was weak and powdery - possibly low grade or expired?\n\nTea was very watered down.....\n\nThey did give us 4 spring rolls "on the house". The servers were very very nice, sadly their sushi chef isn't up to par...\n\n3 stars for service, 2 stars for sushi.\n\nFor what we paid could have easily gone elsewhere more satisfying
Great salon if you want a funky\/edgy cut and\/or colour.  Everyone here knows what they are doing and will give you exactly what you ask for (this is hard to come by with short, challenging haircuts).  The atmosphere is almost zen-like and everyone is very welcoming.  No pretentiousness here!
What an amazing experience.  Look it's an aquarium so what do you expect to see but lots of FISHES!!... This place is huge..... You can get lost and then lost again.  \n\nI realized you need to be around friends and family that are fun.  You can run around like a kid. You feel like your in the bottom of the ocean floor. \n\nThis is a place super awesome.  It doesn't matter your age, it can make you feel young again.
The pizza is good and so is the service.  They definitely got the New York style right. The big slices are perfect for folding!
I just love this place! The atmosphere is warm, the food fantastic and the staff--everyone we came into contact with was welcoming and knowledgable.  The owner Chris Boland, is the perfect host. It's like you are dining in his home.  No wonder it is a neighborhood favorite. Four friends were looking for dinner on a Saturday night. We were thinking we should try something new. But then we all came to the conclusion: why try something else when we have the perfect spot in Boland's Kitchen. Great wine selection. Two of us had the to die for pork tenderloin. One had the venison and the other the trout. Delish all round. Perfectly cooked with a lovely selection of fresh al dente vegetables. We tried the lemon curd for dessert. That vanished quickly. I can hardly wait to go back. Thanks Chris you are a gem.
Daniella and Tasha really helped me out and went the extra mile to get my balloon order right. They called several stores to get what I needed. \n\nNo complaints so far and the store has a lot of extra supplies for my event that I ended up needing. I will definitely come back again
Update on my bad Vegas incident... The GM of the Club called me today and was very apologetic and courteous and said he will take care of my friends and I next time we go to Vegas. He said that is not the Wynn way and was very disappointed in his bar staff. I appreciated the call and his compassion. :)
A little piece of lady paradise wrapped up in teal and kept with a smile. Whether you're a fashionista or fashion-challenged, have $10 to spend or $50, you are in good hands at Patty's Closet. I rushed in looking for the perfect little something for a "Secret Santa," and I expected to get a little scoff at my $10 budget. The first sales associate seemed a little challenged by my price restriction, but the second was on it like a sleuth! She whisked me back to an area the original associate had deemed out of my price range, suggested a stand of locally-made necklaces and said I could take advantage of a 20% off offer to make them within my range! Too kind! I was tickled teal to pick up a locally made necklace by Island Girl and support a locally-owned shop. When I went to check out, they even had complimentary adorable handmade gift boxes for my purchase. The entire experience couldn't have been easier, more adorable or more satisfying. Glancing at price tags, everything seems to be $30 or less. I have to head back soon to shop for myself!
If I lived in Vegas I would eat her breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Guacamole made fresh & delicious at the table, Amazing tacos and inspiring margaritas. Then we had the chef's flan (his grandmother's recipe- he told us) - so creamy & rich without being too sweet. I feel like I now know what heaven tastes like. As for service ... At least 6 people checked in with us to make sure we were happy which we were - extremely! Don't be thrown by the location at "the largest gentlemen's club in the country ". It has it's own entrance & you don't want to miss this place.
I am a long time fan of Plate's closet. I used to visit the one near me when I was growing up in Charleston, so when I moved to Charlotte I was so thrilled to see that there were a few locations near me. The closest one to me is actually 5 min away, the Matthews location. I sometimes go there with my bf but for my own buying and selling I dont bother with that location. I would so much rather drive an extra 15 min for the customer service, cleanliness, and selection at the pineville location. Hands down my favorite platos of them all.
Arrive before 11am if you want to avoid the lineup. Service is friendly, and efficient. Staff proves that genuine smiles still exist. \n\nIt's breakfast food, so nothing too inventive but all is fresh and well executed. \n\nThe decor is really great. But the whole place is noisy as hell.
Very traditional french menu.  We had a few appetizers and one main between wife and I.  Note, we are already disappointed as foie gras was not on the menu the night we ate.  \n\nAmbience was OK, but not anything special.  We dined later at night, so most people had moved on.  \n\nThe food:\n\nBone Marrow and oxtail jam:  Bone marrow was delicious, but the oxtail jam was way too salty.  \n\nEscargot pie:  nothing special.\n\nCrispy Duck Confit:  more meh...\n\nSteak frites:  the steak was very good, and cooked perfectly.  Frites were above average.\n\nSo, in the end, this restaurant is a bit of a meh.  I could have easily gone to any one of several Bistros here in LA and had food just as good for 2\/3 of the price.
Dr. Vater was one of our grown daughter's orthopedic physicians following her head-on with a semi.  She had a mild compression fracture, which did not require surgery, thankfully.\n\nWe first saw Dr. Vater at UMC after our daughter was brought into trauma there via helicopter.  He was very focused and professional in dealing with her.  He explained everything well, gave her\/nurses instructions on positioning and movement limiting, and immediately prescribed a brace for her right away to limit any future damage and to keep the area stable while it healed, which it did very quickly.  He's very serious about his work; it is obvious when he's studying x-rays, asking her questions, and answering our questions and concerns thoroughly.  We felt very safe with him caring for her.
Love! If you love pizza you will love blaze. They make everything just how you like it.
Literally the best real Mexican I've ever had!!! I had the spicy pork. The shells were grilled. Cilantro was fresh. The avocado sauce was amazing. They had a fresh veggie bar and slices of lime for that extra taste. I can't speak highly enough of this place. You'd never know it was the place to check out if you were a tourist!
Went to the Buffett today and it was way overpriced for the service and the way that employees deal with customers. There were way over a hundred people in the regular guest line and the hostesses were more worried about the Black Players Club Card members. I watched the hostess seat six tables of the Black players Club Card members to one of the rest of us. When I complained she proceeded to argue and not care. The waiter was lousy and I was done with my first plate of food before he even took our drink order and when he brought them he slammed them down. \n\nThe prime rib was extreamly fatty and the ribs were all fat. None of the deserts were made in house and I even watched them unload store bought donuts on the trays. Also the ice cream was not at a cold enough tempature and the toppings were lousy. \n\nI think the Mainstreet Station would have been a better place to eat.
I've never been to this place. A friend called and told me he was coming over and that he would bring something for us to eat. He arrived with Pollo Campero, I'd never even heard of it. So I proceeded to try it. We had fried chicken, rice, fries and beans. I tried the beans first. They were a little soupy so I was not impressed...until I tasted them. They were extremely delicious! The best I had ever had. The fries were fries. Nothing different. The rice however was very delicious as well. Lastly, I tried the fried chicken. AMAZING. To be clear, the fried chicken tasted like no other chicken I've ever had in my entire life. Very flavorful! It was the very best chicken I've ever, ever tasted period. Better than Popeyes, better than KFC, and certainly better than bojangles. Better than any other chicken period! Their fried chicken looks very similar to KFC but tastes way better, and I do like KFC a lot. Again, I have not been to this restaurant but I can promise I will be going very very soon. I loved the food completely.
Cerna is an amazing company to work with if you or your loved ones need any assistance in their home. All the caregivers provide excellent service and strive to do the best. Very friendly and knowledgeable, I would recommend Cerna to anyone who is looking for the best care out there.
Not for the picky eater. Stopped in for a drink before heading elsewhere for dinner. The drink was a very heavy pour(always appreciated) but couldn't decide on on an appetizer because of the choices. I was not the picky eater in this group but just a fair warning to those who plan on dining at this place. Decent place but doubt I'll venture back.
The food is tremendous.  You should definitely make reservations as they get a lot of walk-ins from the mall.  The menu is really extensive - and the wait staff is great at telling you about off-menu options - so you are not restricted.  The dessert tray is amazing and I would highly recommend saving room. Definitely take a moment and stop in - worth the try.
this place was clean, people were fun and my nails look great.  The design is really nice and the price is great!!
We happened upon the restaurant on a trip to Scottsdale and decided to give it a try.  We found the food very tasty and freshly prepared.  The portions were of good size and a great value for the price.  I had the lamb pita.  The lamb was grilled medium rare as I requested.  The service was cheerful.  The folks around us were obviously repeat visitors who were welcomed back to the family restaurant.  For a casual Mediterranean meal this place is worth visiting.
I picked up a veal and eggplant parmigiana sandwich the other day and I was impressed. $8 gets you a huge sandwich that's guaranteed to satiate even the largest of appetites. \n\nI went during off-peak hours, so the line wasn't too bad. There was a line of approximately 10 people an hour earlier. Even with the line, service is pretty quick and efficient. Friendly? Maybe not so much. \n\nI believe Uno Mustachio excels in its breading and deep frying. Both the veal and eggplant are thinly sliced and breaded. They maintain excellent crunch without being too greasy.\n\nLike others have mentioned, I'd opt-in for the hot peppers. They really add a much appreciated heat element to the sandwich. The peppers also add some moisture to the sandwich. A common minor complaint is that the sandwich is a bit on dry side. Asking for peppers or extra sauce helps.\n\nOverall, a very good parmigiana sandwich. I don't think it gets much better. I still give the nod to California Sandwiches, since I enjoy their red sauce and freshness. Sometimes I feel the sandwiches at Uno Mustachio end up sitting under the heat lamp and lose some flavor as a result. Try to get a fresh one.
Unfortunately, this restaurant deserves the ratings that it had.  Service was spotty and the food was so-so.  Pre-meal chips were mostly stale.  Our waitress seemed frazzled and when I asked for a drink menu, she said they didn't have one because they were revamping it.  She seemed annoyed to have to explain the different kinds of margaritas available.  \n\nDissapointing all the way around.
Love Dr. Burke!! The selection is amazing and the staff are so helpful! Came in on a Saturday and they fit me in. Would highly recommend this location!
I always thought that east coast (Long Island, New York)  bagels were the best until Lox Stock & Bagel moved to McCormick Ranch.  Absolutely delicious!!  NY can't hold a candle to their products especially their bagels and bialys!\nWe have had their bagels,breakfast ,  lunch items, etc.  No other place in the valley can  compare to their always fresh and deeelicious food. \nExcellent service, never a wait.  Best coffee in town!! \nOnce you try LS&B, you won't go to another bagel shop.  J.S.
Lucy is one of the best wait staff at the Grille.  Linda one of the bartenders is also awesome.  Great view and good food.
The pasties are super heavy so be prepared but obviously delicious. My favorite things there are actually the salads. The one with Indian chicken on top is bomb and so is the Greek salad with salmon. The desserts are all amazing too and it's a great casual place to grab a beer.
I grow up on a small island, theaters showed only 4 movies at a time, so you can understand my simplicity. Coming here reminds me of an episodes of Are you afraid of the dark not that its dark but how its laid out. Outside ticket booth, movie titles in large letters, and large glass windows in front. Large lobby and high ceilings, long hallways stretching left to right leading to the movies, there had to be at least 20 viewing rooms.\n\nI've been to a few movie theaters here in Vegas and most of them don't have the same look or feel. Because their in hotels, casinos, or shopping centers.\n\nAlso like it because its not so crowned or near a casino, and have comfortable seats. They often show international movies here, latest Filipino movies, and I saw a big movie sign for an Indian movie.\n\nGiant soda cups that don't fit snuggly in the cup holders and are refillable. And who doesn't love chowing down on hot butter popcorn and sweet sugar candies while enjoying a good movie. \n\nTheir ate some good eats around the area also.
As I write this review, I am\nSalivating on my screen just thinking about that smooth, spicy, creamy and most delicious spicy miso ramen. I have tried the spicy variety at almost every ramen shop in town and no one even comes close to touching Ryus spicy miso broth. It's depth and complexity is something that is incredibly unique. I can't necessarily vouch for the  more classic bowls like shoyu or shio, because I could never get myself to order something else, it's too good. I personally love to pair my bowl with the garlic shallot oil, white fungus, and chopped cha-shu. The servers are just the cutest things and I have become such a regular that they have my order memorized. And of course, an extra bonus that keeps me coming back is the points card ( which I have had many a free bowl of ramen, thank you). As mentioned, they have played around with the menu and slightly raised prices but I will continue to be a loyal customer as long as the spicy miso ramen stays the same! GO HERE!
Poor service. Had to wait about 15 min with no service so I left (didn't have any wait staff approach me at my table). Can't comment on the food though...
What a fantastic event this was. I was a little skeptical heading over because I'm not that into bubbly but what we experienced last night was just outstanding! Each dish they brought out was not only beautiful but tasted great with the bubbly they gave us. Well, I'll say we could have skipped the piece of broccoli. My favorites were the cheddar cheese and bacon w\/ the spicy mustard and those macaroons! I could have eaten all 5 on that plate and still asked for more! It felt great to be back at a Yelp Elite event again for the first time in about 2 years. Looking forward to the next. Thanks Nikki for a wonderful event and as always a shout out to Tonya for those great pics!!
Waste of time! You wil never see the guys there and your lucky if you find a spot to move. The place is so tiny and crowded. In my opinion it was the worst 5 mins of my life i spent inside.
Wow. If you're a fan of unique meats and a purpose built burger, this place is for you. Unlike burger places where you build to your ideal burger, Bareburger is all about the signature burger. Great flavour combinations on the menu, and very tasty dipping sauces (for those who dip). And if you ask \/ request, they have a really cool secret menu that's been designed just for Toronto (maybe even a Canada only thing). \n\nFast friendly service. Infinite ice tea (American style). Great add to the neighbourhood.
Maintenance Issues. This Hotel is in need of updating with fresh paint and caulking in the bathrooms.  It's starting to show its age at 17 years old it's looking tired.  The staff is nice and it was clean, not sparkling clean but acceptable.  Our bathroom sink water was extremely slow to drain, probably the stopper is clogged with hair from the past 17 years, just a guess.
I am usually big fan of embassy suites hotels. I visited this hotel with a convention group. Let's just say this hotel was not prepared for the 3000 women in my convention. \n\nThe hotel suite it's self was top notch. We had a remodeled kitchen with a huge jacuzzi tub in the bathroom.  My only disappointment that with such a nice kitchen there was no kitchen wares. No forks, no plates, NOTHING!  Why have a nice kitchen in the room and not include these things? \n\nThe service in the hotel restaurant was lacking. They were really not prepared for so many demanding women. Included in our room rate was a nightly manager's reception where everyone was given 2 free drink tickets. I think they will re-think this next time. This manager's reception completely overloaded the staff. \n\nI wasn't please that when I checked into the hotel they put a hold on my credit card for the full room rate for my stay + an additional couple of hundred bucks for incidentals. I'm writing this review 3 days from when I left the hotel and that hold has still not been taken off my credit card. \n\nOn a normal visit this hotel would probably have been top notch. With my large convention group, I'm going give an average rating.
Overall OK...don't come in during late night happy hour or you get nothing but attitude from the bar staff. Had to beg to pay as they were more interested in talking.
Such a great experience! Parking area was big and easy to find parking. The staff were all really friendly and very informative with any questions we had. Very clean and with tons of shade and water fountains and snack bars so you can keep cool.Definitely will try and make it back here on another occasion. A place for all ages for sure, try out the 4D theater its such a kick and the camel ride they offer is definitely an experience we even got to pet Dale ! They also have an area where you can go in where little squirrel monkeys are roaming around you. Thanks again for the fun !
This place was a huge disappointment. The pita was soggy, the toppings weren't fresh- lettuce was wilted and very old looking. The falafel is left out what tasted like all day and microwaved instead of being fresh cooked. Just terrible.
We had everything figured out with 5 minutes left to go. Dark pesky electronic lock kept us from finishing. I was a fun night and we will be back!
I have had a positive experience at the store before but not today. I got my upgrade moved up by customer service then went into the store to get a phone and met one of the managers... Eduardo. Stay away from this dude as he gets really close to you when he speaks, will tell you things over and over, discuss internal affairs (IDGAF just tell me if you can help). I left the store and called customer service back, and my phone will be shipped tomorrow.
Sticky Toffee Pudding is AMAZING!  Skip the whisky sauce on the chicken and haggis, it's better with out it.
We went on a Thursday night.  Our top shelf margaritas were very watery.  The chips and salsa were not that great.  The salsa was pretty bland.  My husband enjoyed his taco and burrito combo, but my veggie fajitas were very oily.
Beau petit bistro, charmant, service très plaisant et plats plutôt bien exécutés et de qualité, honnêtement. La liste de vin est trop courte et pas très inventive, mais les prix sont corrects.\n\nHélas, l'endroit est situé dans un no man's land assez navrant et il faut vraiment avoir affaire dans le coin aller à ce resto.
What can I say? Hmmm.... FEZ is a happy place, they have a hipster vibe, it almost seems like the happening place to be in this part of town. My visit to the establishment was run of the mill: I stayed close by, it was a short walk. \n\nThe customer service was slow and it was due in large to the sheer volume of people at this place ( it was close to Fire Marshall shut down full). When I recognize this situation I typically order drinks and the meal together to help all out.  \n\n I ordered the FEZ burger, spicy fries and a margarita. The burger was said to be and I quote "wildly popular" my taste buds relayed to my brain and mouth average at best. The spicy fries were good but they really are ensuring my waistline does not grow as the portion size was small.  The margarita was needle point sharp good! Wow that damn thing was amazing! \n\nI sat outside because the weather was perfect: I like to people watch and it was noisy inside plus I had my latest book with me. With the large volume of people the slow service and small portion sizes I have to rate this place three stars.\n\nI have nothing against the LGBT community as my motto for the most part is live and let live: except when I see crimes against women and children and other violence. FEZ  is supported well by the gay community, there were tons of couples on dates and quite a few of the waiters and waitresses appeared to be apart of the community, so if you're not at a place of accepting others different than you I would not partake of this place. I mean no harm or ill will. \n\nTake it easy breezy!
Anyone who is fan of middle eastern cuisine will appreciate the delicious variety of meat and vegetarian options at Bamiyan Kabob.\n\nThe restaurant is large, and kept clean - you place your order at the front and the staff calls you when ready. The food takes about 10 minutes to prepare but comes out nice and fresh.\n\nThe platters are large and are served with naan, rice, salad and your choice of meat. I had the lamb while my father had the tandoori chicken. Both were tasty and flavourful, and neither of us could finish our plate. Would definitely recommend the dinner or even one of their many wraps which I've had on a previous occasion.
You know those weekday mornings where it's gross and rainy and cold outside, and all you can do is think about how warming and delightful lunch will be? So you head out to find the perfect place, but you can't find anything, and instead end up with some overpriced salad that's 99% lettuce and 1% miscellaneous. Well, if you had gone to Anton & James, you wouldn't be in this mess. \n\nI've only tried their pre-made lunches with chicken\/salmon, veg and a potato puree, but I'm telling you... this is exactly what you need if you need a little pick me up. Sure, it's oily and buttery and probably not the healthiest thing under the sun, but I can promise that after finishing this meal, you will be happy as a clam at high tide. \n\nThey also have sandwiches and pizzas on the menu which, judging by these other meals, I'm sure are fantastic.
Good stiff vodka based drinks here. The bloody mary is almost a meal in itself.  I like the casual atmosphere and the expansive booths for groups. The high ceilings, faux constructivist murals and red lightings make this place very dramatic and almost transport me back to Moscow. The only downside is that water service is sloooow and they don't have Russian standard any more.
I came here after hearing about this place from a few other Yelpers, and made a point of coming here today for the first time.  I was on the lookout for a 3 quart saucepan, as mine is on the fritz.  Unfortunately, they didn't have one, so I got a candle while I was there.\n\nI really liked it here for a few different reasons.  The selection is nice, and its gently used kitchen equipment.  All of thier stuff seems to be in really good shape.  They have a little bit of everything, from pots and pans, to bar stuff, some dishes, cookbooks, and other assorted kitchen items.\n\nEven though I came up empty handed, I would gladly come here again.  Staff was friendly, selection was great and prices are fair.  This place is on my short list of consignment shopping stores!  O, beware, parking's a little tight here.
Hmmmm... first off WIFI IS NOT FREE!!!! You have to pay $13 (I believe everyday) for it.\nFor my review I will say the hotel itself is very beautiful and staff was nice but other than that, at least for these hot summer months, i don't think it is worth the stay. \nTo get to the hotel was confusing in itself. There aren't that many signs displayed indicating where the actual lobby is while driving there. And if you don't do the valet parking you have to self park and then go through a maze of the resort to even get to the front desk to check in. \nIt's July and the temperatures are reshaping over 100 degrees and I swear the pool was probably 90 degrees. The pool was SO warm it felt disgusting to even be in because it offered no refreshing coolness to the unforgiving hot summer in AZ. You think for such a nice resort they would keep the pool at at least 70 degrees when it's 100+ outside. So needless to say I got in the pool for about 3 minutes and got out. \nWe also did the water activities  while we were there (paddling boarding, kayaking, etc) which were really neat. HOWEVER, getting to those were again, yet another maze through the resort. No signs listed. Nothing on the brochure on how to actually get there, didn't know if we had to schedule a session or just show up. The experience was cool, but again, we did it around 9am so it was already about 90 degrees and even though the keep the little river all chlorinated and clean, the river itself was about 90 degrees and not refreshing to cool off in at all which made the water activities pretty miserable.\nTried calling guest services at 8:30am and the phone kept ringing, tried calling the reservation line and it gave me a busy tone. Then eventually I called the resorts number to have no one answer and was told to leave a voicemail \nHonestly I just think it was disappointing. I was really excited to stay here because my friend had flown in. \n\nIf you are staying here between the months of September - May it's probably worth it. But to stay here in the summer? Have fun swimming in a 95 degree pool when it's 103 outside.
They have the BEST Chirashi Bowl in town, hands DOWN! Years ago, I would order this and it was only $15 bucks.  No one knew about this and I thought it was such a bargain because it comes in a BIG bowl of full on sashimi with soup or salad. I thought it was my little secret so whenever I come here, I always ordered it since I loved it so much. They are very generous with the type of fish as well.  Then after telling my friends about this or they would see my chirashi order comes out (who also has the SAME love for sashimi like I do), they now all ordered it too.  I guess it gained popularity and attentions from the owners\/workers since we would have like a table of 4 orders of just chirashi bowls at least 2x or 3x times in a week.  That's A LOT of sashimi but it was so good!  Maybe Rusan's picked up that this was too much of a bargain and upped their prices to $17.95 (considering other sushi places around town at the time 2-3 yrs ago were overcharging chirashi bowl for $22-$25 for a small dinky bowl of raw fish).  What I thought was a steal now is no longer a steal. :(\n\nI was a little upset they would do this but it's still a good deal in Charlotte whenever I'm craving sashimi so much.  Then last summer, they increased the prices up to $19.95, um what?!  I came back last month and I found out they took the Chirashi bowl off their newly updated menu but I still ordered it.  Finds out they charged it to around $22.95 or something like that now. What a bummer.  I won't be surprised if they kept increasing it to $25. Oh well, it doesn't bothers me now since I don't go there often but looks to me like they don't want many people to order it anymore if they had taken it off the menu.  Although I'm a little upset of the increasing prices, I have to say for the most part the chirashi bowls are always extremely abundant & impressive.  This place always has the best sushi and apps as well.  It's also not that pricey at all and you can get pretty full without spending a lot. \n\nService however, sometimes sucks.  They're never known for their service so don't even bother reviewing about it. It's standard.\n\nThey have all you can eat sushi on the weekdays during lunch for $12 bucks (I think) so that's a good deal.  Except all the sushi are very basic (cheap to make) with tons of rice outside and very tiny sushi fillings. Yeah, they're trying to fool you in thinking you're eating for cheap, they know it! haha. Good way for them to make money by trying to get rid of their leftovers. (?)
Ok our second time here, they have outside seating so we brought the dog.  The service is ok it's either the kitchen or the severs that are not getting the orders correct.  The coffee is great the fries are amazing and again I usually never order fries.  I had to send my sandwich back and I don't know what they did but it was so hot I burnt my tongue, really?  This only makes me think of a microwave.\nI have to say there are so many restaurants in this great city of Las Vegas we will move on.
My wife and I have been regulars for years and have gotten to know the staff. Great young people many of whom are college students earning money for school. Often this is their first job and the management does a nice job of introducing them to the real world.\n\nThe food is good and there is a nice selection including pasteries, check out the hidden menu online or by scanning the symbols at the store. \n\nThe service is good, occassionaly you have to be patient with a new trainee.\n\nThe place is popular and sometimes during rush hour there can be a wait.\n\nNice outside eating area.\n\nThe staff has always been friendly to us.
I did a horrendous box dye - I wanted pastel purple so I thought, hey! I'll do it myself.  Bad, bad idea.  It was splotchy and purple in some places and orange in others.  I went to Parlour and pointed to my hair and said, 'Help'.  And help they did.  Ryan was whiz at lifting the colour and then bleaching and making it the purple colour I had initially desired.   He's super funny and cool and was super excited to fix it - and I happily let him do his magic. \n\nAimee finished me off with a maintenance cut on my short hair.  Awesome, as per usual. \n\nI want to apologize to both for not leaving a better tip - if I had the money, I would - but I kind of broke the bank this month (!) - so I figured a stellar review would make up for it!\n\nThanks again guys - I would recommend them both without a doubt!
Tornado is a true and unadulterated, quality steak- and meat-house. You won't find another in Madison.\n\nThe first time I went here, it was late and I was very hungry, but I wanted everything on the menu and couldn't decide quickly. Our waitress came back to our table several times before I could finally settle down on what to order. That day, I had the venison and, boy, what a great choice! It was so juicy, so tender, so [fill in the blank with your favorite word that means the best thing ever]!\n\nSince then, I've had the privilege of savoring Tornado's filet mignon, which just melts in your mouth, and their ribeye. I'm a tough judge on ribeye because it's my universally favorite cut of steak, but man it was good here! I wasn't big on the appetizers here, but the escargots were pretty good. If I ever get a chance to dine at this place again (I've moved now), I'd want to try the rabbit. \n\nFinal thoughts. The atmosphere is nice and the service is great as well. Tornado is pricey for sure, but it's worth the mouth orgasm that you'll pay for. Trust me, it doesn't stop until your prey safely and slowly makes its way down your esophagus and into your belly. You'll probably end up cheating on your favorite restaurant every so often.
My first time at this Sunset Grill location this morning was better than expected. Fast service and above average, standard breakfast fare. We both had the Canadian omelet and sausage, and our coffees were refilled every ten mins - a must for any brunch place I go to. And our baby was happy in his own high chair. The bus boy promptly brought him a new spoon when he dropped his, which made us just as happy as we were low on toys. Friendly service and inexpensive dependable breakfast items will have me returning.\n\n...But it is a bummer that there's not a really good, standout brunch place in my hood. Oh well.
Dr Mullings is by far the best vet we've ever had. Not only is she great with our kitty, but she has an amazing bedside manner with us. Very gentle treatment, taking every precaution for our pet's comfort (no unnecessary jabs) while considering every risk. After 6 years, we trust her implicitly. We have also seen one of her associates who we also liked very much. Plus, the fees are very reasonable and they have evening hours to work with anyone's schedule.
I'm a fan of arepas so when I found his resto I was soooooo excited! \n\nRating breakdown: \n\n4.5 stars - ambiance, decor, super cool spot - only criticism, table for 4 is a bit tight if you order lots of items... plus a bottle of water. \n5.0 stars - service was excellent! Attentive and prompt.\n3.5 stars -food was salty! We ordered arepas w chorizo and flank steak, they just seemed overly salty.. arepa was dry and tasted a bit burned (I guess due to char markings), coleslaw was great and so were the tostadas! Lemonade costs 4.50 per glass, we found it too sweet.. \nOverall, a good experience for the most part, but we will search for another areperia to see how it compares.
My partner and I frequent this place often!\n\nIn terms of pho I think other places have better broth but this is the only place where I've gone to and their sate is delicious!  In terms of the ambience it's a family restaurant so they sometimes have children running around and screaming.... if you want good food I'd still say come here\n\nI'd recommend this place and say try the sate beef noodle soup.. I think it's number 117.  It's spicy and has a peanut butter taste!
Ich muss sagen, ich fand es sehr schön und angenehm in der Speisekammer. \nEin lauer Sommerabend, den wir draußen mit romantischer Außenbestuhlung verbringen konnten, wurde durch die sehr nette und äußerst freundliche Chefin mit hervorragendem Essen abgerundet. Gegessen wurden hier Gazpacho, Gurkenkaltschale, Forelle sowie Teigwaren mit Pinienkernen und Gemüse. Wir können alles nur empfehlen und werden mit Sicherheit wieder kommen.
Memo's is awesome, every time I go I have so much fun. The flavors of hookah that they have are unmatched anywhere.  Their seating area could be a little bit more comfortable. But other than that this place is perfect.
Every hotel has a casual cafe\/resto where you can roll in for breakfast or grab a sandwich all day long. The Henry is not 5 star fine-dining, but it is good, and a notch above most casual hotel cafes along the Strip. \n\nI quite enjoy that the breakfast menu has everything from berry smoothie to steel cut Irish oats, to organic yogurt parfaits. As well as indulgent benedicts and omelets  - Croque-Monsieur Omelet? Hello!! Side note: the breakfast burrito, which is available all day, is ridiculously huge. I probably could have 3 meals out of it. They also have really well-crafted breakfast cocktails like the The Mary Pickford bloody Mary with sriracha vodka, muddled cucumber and dill.\n\nI will say, I have had really great service sitting up at the wood, above and beyond service. Not as great service sitting in a booth. But that tends to happen in a lot of places.
Kind of hard to screw up burgers and fries.  I dig it-of course it's horrible for you, but everything in moderation.
They have smoked meatloaf!!!!  Omg it's good!  Look no further for some good beef ribs   prices are right and the service is great.  Lots of space and since selection of beer and sides.  Hey where is the Lone Star?!?;
This was a great little spot. We stopped by this morning for a quick bite to eat. Apparently things were recently renovated inside and I appreciated the decor and set up. It was busy -- always a good sign!\n\nThe food came out quickly and our server was very friendly and attentive. We got an order of buttermilk pancakes and french toast, both were great and generous servings. We got an additional side of bacon and biscuits and gravy. I'm personally not a fan of sausage gravy so I didn't love that as much. \n\nOverall, things were fine and I left with a full stomach.
Kenny Ong has been doing my parents taxes for over 5 years. I have been going to him for 4 years now. I enjoy his excellent customer service, his smart tips for taxes next year, and he is super duper fast!! I had a 2 pm appt and I was out of there by 2:13 pm. He charges $65 cash for long form $70 if you are using a card. He charges extra if you need to itemize. But not a whole lot. I trust his expertise and would recommend him to anyone in a heart beat. Thanks Mr. Ong!!
Excellent soul food that taste delicious. Their customer service was fabulous too. They are a better than Lolos Chicken and Waffles in my opinion
Came here with a friend yesterday ordered 5 plates of food and it still came out to about 37 dollars Considering it's inside the casinoit's an amazing dealThe food took a while to come out but it was busy so I understandGreat place, it's the place to go eat after partying or just out and about and still won't break the bank. The food is great too!
I feel no guilt at all eating chicken, waffles, and mac & cheese from Lo-Lo's because their food is worth what has to be a ridiculously high caloric intake. The waffles are hands down the best I have had in the Valley. My mother will also be excited to know I will even eat the okra at Lo-Lo's (it's fried). Their sweet tea is also amazing, and everytime I go I wish I had a brought a jug with me so I could have them fill it up and take it home.\n\nImprovements they have made over the last few years include an additional add-on to the restaurant (a converted house) for more seating, as well as some signage off of Central so you don't miss the turn onto Yuma Street. \n\nFor first timers concerned about the neighborhood and\/or what some believe to be the strange combination of chicken & waffles -- JUST GO. I have been to Lo-Lo's at lunchtime as well as late at night and never had an issue. To the chicken & waffle non-believers - try it once and you will get it.
Brody my frenchie and I love coming here and meeting up with our squishy faced crew. We go to the passive side because the active side can get sketchy. I have witnessed a couple dog fights here so be careful. Some owners let their dogs off the leash in the parking lot and it's caused some dog fights that have ended badly. So just be careful
Okay food at prices that are too high.  I had the salmon and it had the flavor of something frozen for too long and did not taste at all fresh.
the Organica gives me LIFE! I love this place so much and the staff is always so friendly.
We were pleasantly surprised and only saw the previous reviews after we went.  The service was incredible and the food was very nicely prepared.  We first went in the summer (June) returned for the same great food and service in August and are heading back tonight as they have live entertainment and wanted to check it out.
So I went and took car for my first 5k oil change. You get free car wash as well. Needless to say, I won't be going back there again. Took 2 and 1\/2 hours for my car to get done. I even had to ask if my car was done since I saw it sitting there for 30 minutes. Finally he said who was your advisor. I'm like you. So he went searching for paper and didn't locate. So he said you can just go. I went and took a full look and my car and I thought something was wrong because one side of my undercarriage was completely silver and the other was black. So the supervisor said oh we don't clean that from the car wash. The windows were cloudy so I had to wash my car again just from their "free" car wash. Definitely not returning back there.
Checked in today on my bday! So far I like what I see, we drove in & guided instantly by a valet staff. Parked our vehicle left the key with the valet. Loving the customer service. Checkin went well, the front desk clerk was able to accommodate my requests for two beds & strip view! Thanking you will update after I check out! X
Magnifique! The ambiance is warm, the staff accommodating, and the food delicious! Merci beaucoup!! The owners are hands on. I had the porcini papperadelle\/ribbon pasta-delectable. \nSo good that I returned tonight for their entrecôte\/ribeye. Prices are reasonable for upscale Italian. Steven-is a wonderful, kind, knowledgable server. Thank you.
Just wanted to recognize a very special young lady that was our server today. Her name is Ciara. She made our birthday celebration very special. She was attentive, pleasent, and answered all our questions. We will be back!
Hey Ozzie...\n\nCheapest spices in town. I'm a sucker for the peach smoothie... pure peach. Try the mango smoothie, latte or coffee.. heavy on the cream and sugar please... \n\nCheers\nAndrew\n\n(c) Copyright 2017. Andrew M. Walduck. Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
This restaurant is one of those places that you so happen to pass by and knowing the name on the restaurant always wonder what the food would taste like, only to finally try it and fall in love. That's what happened with me and Morimoto Las Vegas--love at first bite.\n\nTo prepare yourself for a place such as Morimoto, you need to get the idea of all you can eat sushi taste as well as any other Sushi you've tried in your local Town that's considered the best sushi and throw that taste memory out the window for this experience. Once you've completed that task when you arrive at the restaurant sit down and prepare yourself for a culinary Journey. This restaurant is more than just a sushi place. The food here is eclectic, covering everything that you've seen him cover in his Iron Chef episodes, ranging from Italian to Thai to Japanese, of course. \n\nThere are few signature dishes that you must try and if your server tells you about the Omakase menu which is a price fix menu for the evening, you should definitely get it.  We wanted to try everything that we've seen him do in Iron Chef episodes and fixed-price menu was perfect. Don't think about the number of courses that you are about to get because the food that you receive is filling and six courses is perfect. We did add on to items because we wanted to try it no matter what the case was and that was the tuna pizza and their special role of the day which, in this case, was the rainbow roll made with real snow crab not the imitation crab you find in other sushi restaurants.\n\nWe started with an appetizer that was not on the menu for our servers suggestion. The tune of pizza with anchovy aioli, topped with marinated purple olives, jalapeno, and greens, on a crispy tortilla cracker was a great starter. The crispy tortilla was as thin and as crisp as a cracker with the soft beautiful tuna sashimi and the perfectly salty and Briny aioli kicked off the evening with a bang.\n\nOur first official Omakase course was an appetizer of tuna tartare made the way that he makes it on Iron Chef America. The tote are came in a square glass plate finely minced alongside several toppings including Wasabi, a sweet soy reduction, rice puffs, wasabi cream, and creme fraiche. A dipping sauce and crisp bread with Morimoto caviar completed the experience. It was decadent and fun to eat with a flat "shovel". After polishing off the tartare, I ate the sweet plum that comes with it to cleanse my palete for the next course.\n\nWagyu Carpaccio topped with Summer truffle shavings and lightly cooked in hot oil and soy was our next course. The walk was extremely tender and easy to melt in my mouth and with the shavings of Summer truffle and a few touches of microgreens it was the perfect bite. The size of the Carpaccio was absolutely perfect for the flavor that it gave. It was filled with unami. I honestly could have eaten three or four of them in a row.\n\nThe third course had to be one of the most fun dishes I've ever eaten. It was a fondue served with tomato inside the cheese as well as a touch of olive oil and a small sprig of rosemary. Around the fondue plate there was togarashi for heat, as well as fresh muscle, shrimp, fish balls made in House of course, as well as vegetables and something very unique that they make their, called a salmon ship. With the house noodles provided with the fondue plate, at the end I mixed the noodles in and it became a spaghetti course with an Asian Flair.\n\nThe 4th course was our Sushi course which consisted of the additional side order of rainbow roll which was their special role for the evening. The Maki was amazing, but the star of the entire course was the one nigiri piece of fatty tuna. It absolutely melted in my mouth and was one of the best things I've ever eaten. With just a touch of wasabi, each nigiri piece was amazing, from the Saba to the snapper. I believe the other critics when they say that Morimoto has the best sushi on the strip, hands down.\n\nFinally the main course arrived which was our surf and turf. Are surf and turf for the evening was American wagyu cooked medium rare with shiitake mushroom and two types of sauce, grilled pearl onions, and micro bok choy, as well as a lobster tail and Claw served with purple potato and a sweet potato puree of some sort. Everything on the plate was amazing, from the wagyu that melted in the mouth and was perfectly cooked, as well as the lobster tail, which was tender, buttery,and sweet.\n\nWith our bellies full we successfully made it to the desert , which is the one you will see every time you look up Morimoto Las Vegas. This desert is his chocolate sphere filled with marshmallow whipped and a chocolate sorbet. It was just incredible. Textures abound and rich, it was the best ending to the experience.\n\nYou just try this restaurant, even if it's a once in a lifetime event. It is worth every penny.
After how many years, i finally got to try this myself. Came here with my best friend on Valentines Day and two others to enjoy a special night, with some DELICIOUS, MOUTH WATERING, and teasing... food :D \n\nReservations required. 2 seatings per night. Our reservation was at 6pm ON valentines day (02\/14\/2015). I had arrived early. Doors opened at about 5:55 or so to let guests who were waiting outside in to take a seat. \n\nUpon seating with one of our friends, who arrived earlier than us. We were given a menu. The menu presents the omakase selections - Nigiri ($48), Yoroi ($80), and Kabuto ($120), the a la carte selections - appetizer ($8) , sashimi ($24), miso soup ($4), seasonal dessert ($4-7), and a wide selection of sake, wine, beer, and other drinks. \n\nAside from this menu, there is also a menu of the day's fishes available to order a la carte (some of the fishes are picked from this menu for the omakase). Fishes range from blue fin tuna from Spain to fishes you may have never heard of before. \n\nI was recommended to choose the cheapest omakase selection (Nigiri for $48) and add by a la carte later for any want to try, so that is what i did. \n\nThis is not your usual japanese restaurant. Each thing is served as you eat. One after another. Not all given on one plate. Pace yourself. Enjoy it. Savor it. Dont feel rushed. \n\nAperitif - shot size of their homemade sake aged for approx 10 months with about 2% alcohol.\n\nSweet. Smooth. Flavorful. Delicious. \n\nAmuse (bite-sized hors d'œuvre)- Monk fish liver with ponzu sauce topped with a spicy radish and a side of pickled cucumbers and seaweed. - \n\nClean flavor from the liver with a nice kick from the radish and pickled veggies. \n\nNigiri (10 pc) - Hobo (Gunard), Hira-aji (Coastal Trevally), Akami (Blue Fin Tuna), Kan-sawara (winter butterfish), Umimasu (Ocean Trout), Chu-Toro (Medium Fatty Tuna), Homemade Ikura with rice, Chopped Toro with rice, Kogane Anago (Golden Sea Eel), Gyoku (Sweet Omelette)\n\nChu-toro was amazing. Insta-mouth orgasm. Not too fatty like o-toro but not too lean like akami. \n\nHomemade Ikura is amazing. Perfectly seasoned and super fresh. You do not see a single egg thats "deflated". Amazing combination with their sushi rice. I could eat a huge bowl of ikura and the rice daily. The sushi rice is cooked perfectly, and the temperature that is almost perfect to not room temp, but how it should be. Body temperature. \n\nKogane Anago was perfectly cooked with a good amount of their secret unagi sauce. Not overly sweet. Not overpowering the natural sweetness of the eel. You don't find saltwater eel (anago) as you usually do the freshwater (unagi). \nGyoku. homemade sweet egg branded with their own logo. Not too firm. Sweet. Thick. Flavor reminded me of a chinese steamed egg dessert i used to eat as a kid. \n\nHand Roll - Premium fatty tuna hand roll with chopped onions served with a dipping soy sauce\n\nFirst time ive seen a hand roll made this way but from now on, im totally copying their style at home. They roll it horizontally into a roll and close with a strip of nori vs rolling it into a cone. Smart. Unique. Chopped fatty tuna mixed with chopped onions. Onions adds a nice texture to the chopped fatty tuna that was soft and tender. The dipping soy sauce complimented it all nicely. Not overly salty, almost sweet. \n\nA la carte nigiri - Isaki (Striped Pig), Mizutako (Giant Octopus), Kanburi (King Yellowtail), Botan-ebi (Live Sweet Shrimp), Kohada (Shad), Ezo-bafun Uni (Japanese Sea Urchin), Uni (Sea Urchin)\n\nMost of these were amazing in itself. I'm glad i ordered these to try. \n\nIsaki had a good texture and sweet. \n\nMizutako was not chewy. Quite tender\n\nKanburi was amazing. Almost another insta-mouth orgasm like the chu-toro. \n\nBotan-ebi was fresh. Meat was "crisp". \n\nKohada was prepared well. Nicely seasoned and prepared due to the tiny bones it has. Not too vinegar-y. \n\nUni (from Catalina Island i heard) was AMAZING. I turned and told my best friend "i feel like im eating ocean butter..." she just laughed. mmm ^_^ \n\nEzo-bafun uni... AMAZING. flashback reminder to my japan trip in 2006. Sweet. Fresh. Simply Amazing. \n\nDessert - Strawberry Mille Crepe Cake\n\nServed with hot green tea. Perfect combination and end to the meal. Not overly creamy or sweet. Green tea was fresh and hot. \n\nAll this costed approx. $100 and some change before tips. This is not a meal to be over stuffed, but is a meal to indulge in the finest of cuisine and to experience the almost absolute tradition of how sushi is supposed to be served and eaten. \n\nService is superb, if not a little too much XD the reason why i say this is because i felt like i had someone standing behind me at all times ... waiting for something to be finished and taken away... lol ! but great attention and super nice ! The chef's were nice as well. They probably know they have a slight accent so they were nice to repeat any of the names i couldn't hear clearly when they served the nigiri. \n\nHIGHLY recommended
I honestly hate Tim Hortons. My biggest pet peeve is how they work the lines. If I'm standing in line, the employee takes my order while someone is still in front of me. Their logic is that it gets the next order moving before you reach the counter. However, when I reach the counter I have to repeat my order all over again. This may not sound like a big deal but there's a huge language barrier between Canadians and Tim Horton Employees, so I end up having to repeat my order 6 times. Seriously.
Waunakee was long overdue for a place like Lone Girl. It has been our go to place since it opened. The owners and staff are by far some of the nicest\/genuine people you will meet. \n\nWe look forward to getting our Friday Fish Fry weekly emails to see what the special is.  Some of my regular menu favorites are the Hush Puppies, Nachos, and their delicious Beef Stew. If you like a sweet alcoholic drink, then I recommend the Berry Mojito.  In the restaurant industry sometimes, you may have an issue with your order, all you have to do is let The Lone Girl staff know, and they make it right, if given the opportunity.  \n\nThe roof top is a great place to be on a sunny day or on a semi-chilly night with their fire pit blazing.  We even enjoyed a movie on the rooftop this summer. If you haven't caught a basketball, baseball or football game on their big screens, you are missing out(they show other sporting events too, but these are my personal favorites).\n\nThe Lone Girl is the best place in town for Birthday or special event gatherings. We had a blast at their New Year's Eve Party and can't wait to ring in 2018 there!  Thanks for an awesome 2017 Lone Girl crew, we have really enjoyed hanging out with our friends or doing date nights at The Lone Girl.
This place has great food, but is habitually closed when they state that they should be open. To put this in perspective they have been closed 4 out of 7 times we've tried dinning here during their posted hours.
I know what your thinking..3 stars "are you crazy?" but, I am partial to Thai food, I am half Thai after all. I have never had anything off the menu here, just went for the lunch buffet. \nA big YAY! to the owners who kept the buffet that the former Pink Pepper had.  I don't care for most asian super buffets that seem to be littering the valley, but this is an exception. It is on a smaller scale and that is because they can keep up with the quality instead of quantity. There are still 2 soups to choose from and several stir fry dishes, a noodle dish or two and at least 3 curries. They even have the thai custard desert and fruit. I happen to like the custard,(its a bit like the Thai version of Flan).  My husband did not care for it much. But he hates all custard. \nGrowing up, nothing compared to my mother's Thai food. She even opened her own restaurant in the 80's before she passed away. Gathering a few awards and Best of Phoenix plaques herself. A good analogy would be your mom's meatloaf, or lasagna..no one can top that right?\nThe service is friendly here. But if you like your little bowl of "Prik nam bplah"(fish sauce and thai chilies) you need to ask your server for it since they don't keep it out for the diners. I can't eat soup, pat thai,fried rice or most noodles without it! Most Thai places are like that anyway, you must ask for it if you want the spice! The chili pastes are fine, but can be overpowering. So I don't bother. The food at the buffet was just ok for me. But my husband enjoys it and there were plenty of diners that did. The prik khing(spicy green beans) was a bit thin and it needed to be kicked up a notch. The Pat Thai was fine. I was surprised because most places have not been able to master this dish. It either comes out to sweet, or runny. But here, it was fine. Not fabulous, but fine. The coconut chicken soup (Thom Kha Gai) was thick and needed more lime juice and fish sauce. The papaya salad (Som Tam) is nothing that I remember som tam to be. I make it at home and this was the blandest I have ever had. Where was the sugar,fish sauce,garlic and thai chilis? I know the restaurant is trying to aim to please the local palette, but it does a disservice to the ethnic cuisine of Thailand. I will go back once in a while when I am craving variety. The place is clean and the atmosphere is great. I would like to try this one night when I can order off the menu. I have a feeling the food will be tastier being customized to one person instead of the masses. Then I will edit my review. It is worth lunch if your craving some Asian cuisine. For the price of a crappy Panda chain restaurant you can have  this buffet and get to try out so much more.
The best nail tech I've found! Ask for Katerina. Want to share: For the best mani\/pedi this season call Katerina Inda. 480-529-4803. She does beautiful acrylics, gels and natural nail manicures! Ever since my previous nail tech went on to other endeavors, I've been searching for an artist who creates beautiful nails. I found her -- and I want to share. Downtown Scottsdale area. You'll be hooked!
Place is cluttered and disorganized, kind of dark too. The owner is a strange fellow. I was just looking around one day when he and some other customers were going off on some kids for not being Christian, you could tell they were really uncomfortable. I'm glad he didn't drag me into that conversation. Last I circled this was a comic book store, not a church. I won't be returning either, seems like everything gets picked over by his box customers and were left with the scraps.
This place makes me want to wear a sunhat and walk around in khakis explaining the life cycle of a cactus (ok nothing makes me want to walk around in khakis, but it helps with emphasis). The layout is beautiful, the volunteers are friendly, and the setting is perfect to showcase desert beauty. Coming from the Midwest 2 years ago, I didn't realize how lovely succulents are.\n\nKermit wasn't lying, it ain't easy being green - especially in this hot box, we're more browns and grays. Yet the garden sets it up very well and makes the desert interesting with programs, events and ongoing education. I love how this place mixes nature and social life by hosting all types of events: music, Yelp parties, luminaries, etc. \n\nThis is a great place to go when you have visitors or when you don't have much on your agenda and want to avoid going stir-crazy. I'll admit I may have impulsively bought a discounted DBG membership on Groupon more for the IDEA of going here often, but it's worth it even for the few times you make it out in a year.
I came here for the first about a month ago and i was looking for tacos and i have to admit there tacos are delightful flavorful and not too pricey. But theres only one downside to this place there restaurant smells like straight bathrooms like there sewer lines are all fucked up from the time i went to open the front door to the time i left i swear the whole restaurant stinks so bad i suggest if you eat here order to go because i wouldn't want to eat in a place that smells bad
Saw this facility on the foot networks "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives" and had to say it didn't meet up to the shows hype, hype kills... Food was somewhat generic and oily... Granted it was tasty to a certain degree on my pallet but nothing worth mentioning afterwards nor was it worth the "drive" to get there... I guess I hyped myself up for failure... Place is worth another visit if I was ever in the neighborhood.
Delicious meats and a well-curated selection of gourmet grocery products and wines.  Very helpful, knowledgeable and friendly owners\/staff.  We stocked up before leaving town on an RV trip.  The yummy prepared foods made cooking during our trip easy. Short ribs, duck confit, carnitas (our #1 favorite), etc...  I think we had the tastiest meals of anyone at each of our campsites!
First time ordering from here. Good food, fast delivery. Definitely ordering again.
Ordered food and confirmed multiple times with the waitress that it was gluten free. Ended up having a celiac reaction and it was terrible. Train your waitresses lol
I love,love,love this place!!! Not one bad word and service is amazing and staff is super courteous.  Come with an appetite for sure!!!
My neighbourhood favourite! The place is right across from where I live so I stop by frequently.\nGreat gelato! Keep in mine even the small size is pretty big. Their coffee is very good as well. I've had their tuna sandwich, salads and a panini of sorts all of which have been great.\nThey also sometimes sell art from local artists I presume but of questionable talent in my opinion. \n\nIt's a great spot to get a coffee or gelato and walk across to the park.\n\nOne other thing: I once noticed the owner or manager of the place be a bit short with the staff because she messed a minor thing in an order. Made things a bit awkward
What a genuinely nice guy!  I love Dr. Martinez and trust him completely to care for my sons smile!  His new office is beautiful and his team are very professional.  Also, the prices weren't bad!  Who doesn't want an affordable, modern and friendly Orthodontist to work on their children?
Friend has been telling me to check this place out.  I finally had the chance to go to TDot and go.   Amazing!  Everything was great.  I love the location, decor, atmosphere, food, and service.   \n\nOur server was very fast and responsive.   Made some great recommendations.  \n\nI now know that the roti is more then enough for two people.  So next time it's one roti for my GF and I.  I will be going back next time I go out to Toronto.
Arrived in Pittsburgh late last Friday night and strolled downtown for a late dinner. Found the Ten Penny by chance. The outside looked inviting and the inside was quite impressive. Very rustic but comfortable surroundings. Our waitress could not have been more friendly and accommodating.\nOrdered calamari rings for appetizer. I have calamari in practically every restaurant I have visited and feel I'm quite an expert and critical. When they arrived, they looked like large onion rings....but, Oh My God were they tender and delicious! No doubt they were handled properly and marinated in milk....superb! Our entrees were just as delicious....well done, perfect sized portions and delicious! Wine selection was just fine and overall pricing was very reasonable.\nWhat a pleasant and relaxing visit and I'd recommend anyone visiting Pittsburgh to give this place a try. The couches we sat at were a neat touch, but a little uncomfortable with tilted seat cushions, but hardly enough to ruin an overall great experience! Great job and best of luck to Ten Penny!\n\nhttps:\/\/www.tripadvisor.com\/ShowUserReviews-g53449-d6106981-r358008828-Ten_Penny-Pittsburgh_Pennsylvania.html#
My experience is based on the service of my car and talking to the service advisor. \n\nI used to have my car serviced at Riverview Nissan, now Larry H Miller { review on them} \n\nThey price matched a coupon for a oil change from Larry H Miller Nissan and didn't charge me the $115 diagnostic fee to check out a vibration on my car. Joseph Dianna was pretty great had the tech talk to me and explained what was going on with my car. I have strong opinions on Nissan, Joseph was pretty much a professional and gave me pointers on a car I am thinking of getting. \n\nSo that's my story, if I was going to keep my Nissan I'd have Joseph as my service advisor....
Well, the bar isn't the best decorated or the most stylish but its certainly a keeper. it has a quiet atmosphere and a hell of a happy hour. The food is very reasonably priced and tastes very good.\n\nNote: This location also serves Ellis Island drafts and a certain favorite food item.....but thats a secret...shhhh
I very like beef noodle soup from this place it very good.sasemi ck is yummy too.not so much on lo main and fried rice
I stayed here when I went to EDC in 2011 and promised myself I would never come back. However, a friend of mine had reserved a room for the weekend and couldn't go so she let me stay in her room for free.\n\nThe first time I stayed here, the room smelled literally like s***. We called the front desk and they sent a maid to spray some air freshener around the whole room which didn't work. It was horrible! The bedding was ugly and the room was dark and dreary. The same with the second time. There was a odd smell and parking was weird. \n\nJust spend a little more and stay at a better hotel.
I've taken my car here for a few years and Kinsey has always been helpful and informative. He has never been pushy on getting unnecessary repairs. I know that I can go here and pay for what I need and not what I don't. This is a great business to get your car repaired.
I hate to leave bad reviews but after my experience at Canyon Falls, I feel the need to. I was beyond excited to have my hair colored and new extensions put in. Almost 1000 dollars later, I left the salon satisfied. I washed my hair and the color seemed orange. I decided to call, and they fixed it no problem. Great. But now, there was another issue. Since the second day I left the salon I had been loosing beads from my extensions and within a month the hair was tangled and felt old. I know it's not normal and finally I had enough. I was told to go and talk to Mary, who was extremely rude to me told me it was my fault, and to either buy new hair or there's nothing she can do. I demanded to see a manager who once again pointed fingers at me, but eventually agreed for 40$ they could deep condition and put my extensions back in with another stylist.\n\nTo make a long story short, my extensions are fine now, still a little tangly. But it's funny how it was my fault, even though now I'm not loosing any beads. I've never had this many issues at a hair salon and doubt I'll go back. At least they were willing to fix the problem but I feel like the customer service and issues were to much to overlook.
over a year later and the roof still leaks and not a refund.. wow not good
My co-worker and I stopped in on the recommendation of other co-workers for Taco\nTuesday. We arrived shortly after noon and there was a line out the door. We had a debate on sticking it out since we only have 45 minutes but the line appeared to move quickly so we stayed. Our mistake. While the line did move fairly quickly that was about it. We both placed our orders. I ordered 3 carnitas tacos (at $1.00 apiece on Tuesday it's a great deal!) and chips and guacamole. We both placed our orders to go. Time on my receipt was 12:23. Ok- we can do this. We have a small window now but it was doable with a to-go order. Or so we thought! We did not get our order until 1:11. While we waited there was plenty of time to observe. Orders sat ready to be packaged to go for many minutes while the in restaurant guests received their orders first. Typically someone who places a to-go order is in more of a rush than a dine in customer yet they received priority. Talking with other customers it was discovered Tuesday's are normally busy. Heck we even tried to call in our order from the line to speed it up and they declined. The gentleman in front of us left. He returned later and saw us still waiting for food so he left AGAIN! His business was lost twice on one day! There must be a better and more efficient way to handle Taco Tuesday when your business is tacos. Finally 30 min late returning from lunch (thank GOD for an understanding boss), I sat at my desk to eat my tacos and chips\/guacamole. \nThe tacos were really good. The carnitas was tender and had a good flavor. A bit more spice then I was expecting but it wasn't over powering. The onion and cilantro on top helped add to the flavor. Very good tacos. I don't know about worthy of a 45 min wait from order to receiving good but they were good. The chips were nice and warm and lightly salted. The guacamole was decent. Not spectacular but not horrible. I'd like to return on a day other then Tuesday and see if service is quicker and try some other flavors of street tacos. There's room for improvement however it wasn't completely a disaster. The tacos made up for some of it.
Can't go wrong with Smashburger, love love love and so happy we finally have one in Laveen!
My daughter and I went yesterday during happy hour for our joint Birthday "linner". We went mainly to see if it was as bright and authentic looking as the pictures showed. It was the most beautiful place to get Mexican food. Our server was named Hyatt I think and she was The Best. She was like an energizer bunny and multi tasked better than anyone I have seen in a long time. Anyway the service was wonderful, atmosphere great and the food very good too. We are already planning to go again and have told others about it.
I normally come through the drive-thru during the day and the service is normally really good. They're quick and are always greeting you with a smile and making sure they have your order right. One thing they advertise is the face-to-face interaction when making your order. Unfortunately, most of the time I go through with someone or with a big order, by the time we get to the window, we've forgotten our order! It would be nice if there was a smaller menu of some sort next to the order window for those of us who forget our order!\n\nI went through the drive-thru last night and it took me forever! We drove past the first two windows, which was understandable since it was late at night. I figured maybe they just didn't have enough people. The cook took my order! Someone else came to ring me up and the cook washed her hands and went towards the back again, but it's like, seriously? They shouldn't be THAT short-staffed! Then, I was waiting for my order at the second window, and they looked like they were either cleaning out the area or restocking since the tea containers were in the middle of the floor. One of the workers was wiping down the area then went towards the back. When he left, I noticed there was some cashier\/front worker (whatever you call those guys) just standing around eating a slurpee. He looked at me, looked away, and then gave himself some more of the slurpee looking thing and kept on at it. Not working at all. Meanwhile, the manager comes by to refill the cups. Why is she doing what he was supposed to be doing? If you're on break, it's understandable, but at least go out of sight so you don't make yourself look bad! Isn't that what break rooms are for?
Jordan and Moses did an excellent job moving furniture into my son's apartment.  I would definitely  call Skinny Wimp Moving company again.  Really nice guys!
My wife and i have been looking for a place that has great walnut shrimp and chow mein. We found this place in yelp and it was a success!! We gad the calamari mixed chow mein and walnut shrimp and they were all really good. An added bonus is that they were super fast from order to having our dinner on our table. They have a great atmosphere for a date night.  We will be returning often!!
I will definitely come back here when in the area.  The walleye was awesome, the sirloin was also really good according my friend.  Special props to the bartender Jonathon, great service.
After wandering around Planet Hollywood, we stumbled upon this place for some quick and dirty food. We got seated (with a wide open restaurant may I add as well as patio) between a pole and group of 6. We ordered some burgers, which were lack luster but did the trick for any hangover. The drinks (3.99 blood marys) were mehhh. For 3.99 in Vegas I expected stronger, but nope! Would take about 15 of these to get you any sort of feeling. Straight spice and Tomato juice. Regardless the food was just ok, but the service was good enough aside from seating. Which earns this place my rating!
I have been here a few times now and I have always been very happy with the drinks and the quality of service.\n\nAs well as having a few local Stewart Brewing beers on tap there is always a good selection of other craft beers\/ciders from across the UK every time I have been in. The staff are very knowledgeable and always make good recommendations depending on what I or my friends have been after.\n\nIt's a cosy atmosphere in the place, lots of locals (who come from many different countries I should add) who appreciate good drinks. I haven't tried the food yet, but it looks good.\n\nif you are after good craft beers, this is a place for you. If you want the usual drinks you'll get everywhere else, this place is not for you.
I went here today after buying 2 Wag Jag Express certificates for a hot box order and sandwich\/tortilla chips order so I saved $4.50 BUT, they have $6 specials on select sandwiches\/wraps from 3-6pm the same time the Wag Jag Express voucher was valid so no need for a voucher.\n\nEverything was very fresh and delicious and what was probably the owner was incredibly friendly telling me all about their store and how they prepare everything including roasting the meats themselves.\n\nNice place and good food, a little bit overpriced for my taste, probably because they can't compete with the mass-buying power of Subway but it was a good restaurant to support and a quick 10 minute walk from the Financial District.
Even though I live close to the Maple Leaf Gardens, I actually prefer the Queens Quay location for a real grocery list because the prices of some items are double or more at MLG, like fresh grated Parmesan or fresh salmon, organic or not.\n\nI like that this location has a great selection of organic produce, even if most of it is PC organics brand.\n\nThis location has a lot of take out food options including sandwiches, sushi and hot food but not as good as MLG, but I usually am here for a restocking of the pantry, not lunch or dinner.\n\nThe one thing that made me not give this Loblaws 5 stars is the customer service desk - many of the staff are downright unpleasant.
Was looking for a good place to do an oil change on this side of town and this place popped up. The gentlemen quickly came to help me and the staff were all hard at work. Everyone was smiling and that is always a plus. If you are on this side of town I highly recommend going here!!
I wanted to like this. \n\nThe first slightly over a mile was great. Good climb, views and the drive was short if you are in the Phoenix area :) \n\nThe end of the hike is pretty steep and I felt like I probably could have done without  going all the way to the top. \n\nWe opted to go down the other side and I felt like that was not that much better. \n\nIts great just be prepared to go a little slower so that you can make the whole thing safely. \n\nLOTS of people were on the trail and we consistently got stuck behind people who were going at a slower place. Also, limited parking spots. \n\nThis is not a loop and so you will have a three mile walk back to the car if you choose to now go back down the way you came up.\n\nEnjoy!
THE FOOD HERE IS INSANE GOOD!!!! had seviche, and shrimp tacos. Everything was insane amazing. The side of corn is to die. And the mango jalapeño marg? I'm in love. I want to go back every day
We had friends staying at the Wynn and we were at Aria. Staff said our friends could visit us at the pool. When they arrived they were not allowed in. Management, including manager, Sally, was extremely. It messed up plans for the day for 12 people!
Horrible business for turning away customers a hour and 10 minutes before they close. I was really looking forward to eating here. I won't ever unfortunately...
The Caramel Chew flavor is amazing! Cherry on Top doesn't have quite as impressive flavor options or topping options as Yogurtology, but it's a lot closer if  you live in the area. I found a lot of the candy bar toppings to be too ground down (like a powder) instead of small chunks, but you can dig around to find the right size. I was really impressed and excited that they have a little paper divider thing you can put into your cup to separate two flavors of fro yo that may not go together. So simple, but genius. \n\nDefinitely recommend this location for your frozen yogurt fix!
Always on the hunt for a new coffee joint,  I stopped here the other day for a cup of joe before doing some shopping. I was looking for something to eat as well but only saw a lunch menu and specials  so not sure if they offer b-fast or not? Coffee was fresh and did the trick. I like the random paper table cloths with crayons they have on each table so you can draw out your feelings and whats on your mind (don't worry, I didn't write out where's the freakin breakfast menu??) Friendly peeps....get it...peeps. cluck? Yes, no? Anywho, I'll check this place out again
I could not bear the thought of taking my 17 year old baby girl to the vet's office. It's a place she definitely was not fond of. I  called and spoke with Alicia who was kind, compassionate and provided lots of information. Dr. Fixler and his assistant arrived at my home and took the time to answer my questions in great detail. He handled my sweet girl with respect, care and compassion. It truly takes a special person to help our loved ones cross over the rainbow bridge. I cannot express how thankful I am to Dr. Fixler and his staff for making one of my most difficult days more bearable.
This was our first time here, even though my kids have been here once each with friends.  We were doing teppanyaki, since the kids love it.  Waitress, Lisa, was very nice and attentive.  The place was very slow, we were there at 6:00 on a Tuesday.  We ordered a California Roll and a salmon roll, for HH.  The rolls were tasty, but the rice wasn't sticky enough to hold the rolls together.  \n\nBut, our chef for our dinner was so entertaining!  The kids had a blast and the food was DELISH!  We had some special requests and he definitely adhered to them. My only negative was that most of our food was quite salty, but that's common with this type of food.  I need to remember to ask him to chill on the sauces next time.  With that being said, the prices were reasonable, compared to Benihana and the food really was delicious! I would definitely go back for some more Teppanayaki. I'm not the sushi pro at all.
Excellent food and service.  The Sonoran Crepes are wonderful.  A bit spicy, but not too much. The best biscuits and gravy we've had in a restaurant, albeit a bit pricey. They were almost as good as we make at home and a lot less work. The home fries are nothing special. Pretty much the same as most places. Their specialty juices are very good, but be careful, they add up fast on the bill. We'll definitely be back  when we are in the area, and we plan to be in the area for about 2 more months.
The best thing this company did was brush us off. Like I said in this review, we were flexible with our budget. After being told to go somewhere else we did. Cacti Landscape is AWESOME!! Of course we had to expand our budget a little bit but they gave us a great design and did a better job then we could ever dream of. Look for my specific review for them on yelp which will get 5 stars from us.
Authentic Italian pizzeria who serves a few (2-3) specials a day,  generally one pasta and one meat dish. The owners are friendly and very entertaining.  Great place all around! !
OK, update time.  Sushi we split was good.  Miso soup had an odd taste this visit.\nMy main course (Butaniku) was unforgettable, a real meh!  Not sure what happened this night.  \n\nOur waitress was MIA most of the night.  Could not even find her to try to get refills, desert or our check.  \n\nMust have been an off night for everyone.
So, I know Yelp has rules about name dropping other places, so if you want to hear about our horrible experience at another Mazda dealership, find my review of it.  That crappy dealership is on the southwest side of Phoenix off the 10.  They were awful!  But Horne Mazda was an excellent experience for us.  \n\nWe couldn't have been happier buying our car from Scott "Elf" at Horne Mazda.  We had been put thru the ringer at another place and quickly realized that MANY of the Mazda dealerships in Phoenix are all connected.  We had sales guys from all over the place contacting us to sell us a car after we got treated VERY BADLY at another Mazda dealership.  So when we called Horne Mazda and got straight forward answers and no b.s. over the phone, it was a breath of fresh air.  \n\nWe had read great reviews on the Mazda CX-9 Grand Touring, and since we were looking for a vehicle with a 3rd row that was spacious and comfortable we weren't disappointed when we test drove it.  Priced reasonably and not in super high demand yet (it will be once people realize what is offered for the price) it is a pretty good deal.\n\nWe loved the car, but we were about to go to another brand after the crap we had been thru.  I'm so glad we didn't give up and ended up going to Horne Mazda.\n\nMy partner drove me into Horne Mazda and told me to "give them a chance" I was understandably on edge, and Scott had to work his butt off to earn my trust.  He did.  He guided us very carefully, payed attention to everything I was saying, tiptoed when I was starting to worry, and didn't try to give us any lines of b.s.  If I had a question, I very bluntly asked and Scott very clearly and accurately answered every question with kindness.  Scott was honest and straightforward and gave us a great deal.  \n\nThe financing department guy was good too.  Didn't try to nickel and dime us with extras at the end.  But he did go in to detail to explain what was covered under warranty and what wasn't.  \n\nThe difference between our first experience and what we were offered at Horne was night and day.  I can't express enough how easy it was to buy a car from Horne Mazda.  Rarely do you find a dealership that is honest and straight forward.  One that you don't feel like you need to go home and take a shower afterword.  Horne Mazda was honest, caring, straight forward, and made me trust the car industry again.  I don't think Scott will be leaving Horne Mazda anytime soon, but if he does we'll track him down next time we're ready to buy again.  I love my new car and I am so grateful we found the guys at Horne Mazda.
I had a pedicure and a blow dry yesterday. Pedicure was ok but was very rushed...massage was extremely short,  I would estimate less than 15 seconds per leg.  I chose a neon pink colour for polish that was a pretty new bottle but the end result was very streaky on my big toes.  Nail Technician was nice though but was on her cell phone the whole time when she wasnt with clients.  Her and 2 other employees sat in the pedi chairs getting massages because there were no clients.  My blow dry was done by the owner.  She was very nice and said she had over 30 years experience but it was the worst blow dry I ever had.  Her round brush kept getting caught in my long hair and she had to keep manually unwinding it causing damage to my ends. Its almost as though she should have been using a wider round brush or she didnt use the right products before my blow dry.  She took over 1 hour to blow dry my hair.  She squirted Argan oil 3 times in my hair to finish it off.  At the end of it all, my hair was all tangled at the ends and looked crimped...not smooth plus it was oily as hell!  I have had several blow dries in my life and it never takes more than 45 mins and my ends never looks this disgusting.  What a waste of time and money.  I was very tired yesterday to even notice the botch job they did and I would call to complain but I wont ever come back to this place so whats the point? The owner mentioned that they've had a slow start with this new businesss...This could be a reason why.  So disappointed, I had high hopes for this new spot but will NEVER go back.
A nice deviation to the typical bento boxes and maki lunches, this Japanese pancake house churns out very tasty pancakes served with your choice of meat including shrimp, chicken and pork (my personal favourite) and topped with a tangy barbecue-like sauce and mayonnaise.  The layout is really neat as you can see the chef preparing your food though it does tend to get a little warmer inside as a result.  There are other items on the menu but skip those and try the pancakes if you never had one.  If you have 2 or more people, order a few types to sample the different flavours.  I've never had room for the desserts but they look just as tasty.
Great place to bring your pets for their medical care. The staff is courteous. Dr Dawson is great to work with.
I'll give it two stars for food. \nBut a lot of the servers need retraining. Kinda different feel at this HT. Servers all have attitude that feels like if your not spending enough money you're not worth their time. Bar is the worst. Not friendly vibe at all. Go to Ballantyne. Much better!\nJust found out about the Providence Road health review .... this location was rated #10 of the 10 worst health scores in Charlotte for the month of July 2017. \nI'm taking back a star .... explains why my last order was so screwed up.
Service was bad when HOB was there and service is still bad now that it is Cogburns.  They need to learn from the service you can get from Zipps.  Just down the road. Ended up walking out.....again.
I ate here as some friends were staying at the Parliament House Hotel, of which this is the hotel's restaurant. They have a reasonable menu at reasonable prices but it is difficult to justify going to eat here where there are better quality restaurants nearby. If you are staying in the hotel and have dinner as part of your deal, then you won't be disapointed as its decent enough. You would not find many locals actually chosing to eat there on a night out though. The food was average and the atmosphere one of a hotel, not a stand-alone restaurant. The Howies restaurant next door is better. okay but not great!
Maybe this is a step up over Buca deBeppo but it's not up to the Olive Garden par.  Service was lacking for dinner on a Saturday night.  We were served bread with no fat.  Had to ask for evoo and vinegar (or butter).  The stuffed artichoke was stuffed with bread crumbs and Parmesan.  I hate bread crumbs!!  UGH   The lasagna was ok, but no veggies...just cheese and noodles.  No whole grain pastas available.  Very frustrating.  We won't be back.  They changed servers on us in mid-stream.  Too pricey.  Seemed like a sports bar setup.
Decided to try another Vietnamese restaurant's mango shrimp salad with pho, and for the price of this, there definitely wasnt enough shrimps or mangos. The tamarind sauce tasted good. But the shrimps were peeled in halfs and scattered sparingly on top of a lack of mango slices.\n\nThey would get 2 stars if not for the super nice service.
Evening tennis at the Coupe Rogers. Fun times (despite a rain delay and 2nd match cancellation). Main stadium is nice: small enough that I suspect most tickets offer a reasonably nice viewing experience.\n\nUnfortunately, food sucks relative to most other sports venues I've attended in North America (ate at SAQ Bistro). Easy fix: eat before or after. Buy water and bring a granola bar...
If I could give this location a worse score I would.  \nEvery time my family and I go here something always goes wrong.  The employees are terrible!  They don't listen and screw something up every visit. They don't give us the right blizzards or they mess up the sizing.  Then it takes them a lifetime to come up with a solution by then we give up and leave with our destroyed orders.  Save you sanity and keep your happiness of having a family treat by going to another location at all costs.  This one needs to be overhauled from manager down. Just don't go go to the one by Green Valley high school or Boulder City.
Great spot. 720 has had many iterations over the years, but it seems they've finally - pardon the pun - found their groove. \n\nThe big attraction is certainly the music. Not a huge shop, but incredibly well curated stock. If hip hop, soul, r&b or local music is what you're after, stop here and you'll likely find it (lots of 12"s too). \n\nThe monthly brunches are worth checking out too. Again, not a huge selection (and get early - the amount of food is limited), but something unique, different - and definitely has a strong community vibe going on. \n\nIt seems like the folks at 720 aren't afraid to experiment a bit. There are all sorts of events happening at the store. This kind of unique spot is hard to come by; I hope they're around for years to come.
Do not get the nachos. The nachos used to be decent, but then changed to "nachos supreme for one". Which means they took out half the nachos, and kept the $14 price tag. I'm sorry, but if you're going to serve half the nachos, charge half the price. Paupers has been a regular spot for me for years, and I don't want to give it a bad review, so I'll settle on 3 stars (because the rest of it is fine) but come on, those nachos are robbery.
My husband and I went in with intentions of dining off the restaurant week menu.  Not to either of our surprises - but it was never offered to us.  We didn't mind though, because it was his first time there and the menu was just too appealing to limit ourselves to a prix fixe menu. \n\nEverything was out of this world amazing.  We started at the bar for a couple of cocktails before our reservation, and was not disappointed by the service and craftsmanship of the bartender.  He made my husband the perfect slightly dirty martini and myself a spot-on old fashioned.  \n\nOnce we sat, our server was incredibly energetic and attentive and suggested many great things for us to consider since it was my husband's first time.  We ended up starting with a half dozen oysters which were fresh and yummy.  We transitioned to a delicious salad - to which we asked to have the pancetta on the side, and they did not oblige (I don't eat pork).  But the moment they realized it had come out wrong, they had a corrected half order out before I could even blink an eye. \n\nWe indulged in the ribeye for 2 and it was one of the best friggin pieces of meat I've had in a while.  I'm usually a New York type of gal - but this ribeye was so flavorful and juicy and did not disappoint.  We are usually inclined to order a potato and veggies with our steaks, but this time we ordered a pasta to accompany it and it was a really great pairing.  We also indulged in 2 desserts (I can't remember what they were...blame it on the cocktails and wine).  \n\nOverall, this place is amazing across the board from service to food.  One thing that I will add is that we made a reservation and they first tried to seat us across the hall in their overflow room.  We pushed back on that, as the overflow room lacks charm and energy that is supposed to accompany a pricey Vegas Dinner.
Love this place. Anytime I go here its super busy but the line moves pretty quickly. Make sure you know what you want because they move quickly.
Dr. Heeney and staff were helpful and accommodating the few times I have needed their services. She took time to explain things in a relaxed atmosphere. I bought glasses which I'm happy with. Another time I had something painfully caught in my eye after working on home renos, and they squeezed me in immediately.  They pointed out that any emergency eye care was fully covered by OHIP so I was in and out in no time!\nGreat selection of frames along with protective eyewear and goggles. Location is perfect too!
This establishment has gone down hill. I am an avid supporter of Yoforia. The fact that almost all of the long term employees know who I am just goes to show how addicted I am to this stuff. This location in particular used to be my favorite one to go to for my almost daily fix, but since my last visit I will not be returning to this particular one anymore.\n\nA majority of the time not all of the machines work which just makes this an awful shame:( Not sure if it's from the long term employees quitting from lack of support\/respect from the owner\/management. The last tie I went I actually felt a bit yucky purchasing some of the yogurt as well. It just didn't feel right:\/\n\nMaybe in the long time future I will stop by on a whim and try it again, but I am talking waaayyyyyyy in the future. Cause I don't think this place is going to be good again anytime soon.
Hands down best LA Kalbi ever.  I really liked the Dukbogi too. Dale the manager came to say hi, and was super friendly to us! He makes me want to go there again! Nice environment. The heated floor seating was quite an interesting experience
The brunch is great, but the poutine is really not great. Haven't tried other dinner menu items (and won't be after that poutine..*shudder*) BUT the brunch is really really good.
This is the absolute WORSE TSA-PRECHECK that I have ever experienced. i frequently fly several times a month and travel through several different airports, EVERYTIME I come thru this airport and I have pre-check, its a bunch of CRAP!  Either its completely closed and we have to stand in the regular LONG line and we get a big E on our ticket which means "expedite" and we get to keep our shoes on!! whoo hoo big effing deal, that's not PRE-CHECK idiots!  that's not what I PAID for when I registered and paid for the pre-check privilege!
This is not a quick 'catch-a-bite' place but rather a full evening dining experience. They whisk you off to Abruzzo Italy for a couple of hours as they present local delicacies and other delicious offerings. Since January, they've started providing printed menus of their nightly offerings; however, it still changes daily. They only book one group per table per night so you do not feel rushed at all.\n\nThe four of us went with their recommended full-dining experiences which consists of 6 courses. The first course was the meat and cheese plate which is small but a good sampling of the different options. The next course was their daily tapas which had something for everyone. We ordered two different types of pastas which were offered and plated separately. Following the second pasta course was the meat course which was the only course that I was not overly fond of but that was because meat is never my thing. This course was coupled with the salad course which had a perfectly mixed salad. We weren't going to order dessert, but figuring we were going to go home and have something sweet anyway, thought we would go all out and order dessert as well. We were all glad we did, it hit the spot.\n\nThe pacing of the courses can seem frustrating at first but they know how to do it so that at the end of the night your hunger is satisfied. For anyone who wants an evening in Italy but can't leave the city this is the place to be. According to the hostess, you can also call in advance if there is something specific you would like them to make on that night. \n\nAlthough I won't be there often, it's somewhere that's on my 'I will be back' list and highly recommended to others.
I wasn't a huge fan of the pizza here. I was expecting a lot more considering their tag line is "fresh fire roasted." If the pizza is fire roasted, I couldn't tell. We ordered the sweet sauce pizza, wishfully thinking it might be a nice alternative to my favorite pie from Fiori's. Unfortunately, the City Oven's pizza reminded me of something you'd find in the freezer aisle of the grocery store.  Although I didn't like the pizza, I would be willing to give this place another chance and try their other menu items.
I've had laser hair removal at Ultra Smooth Skin and had Lisa do Botox (love a smooth forehead!) Then I tried the new injectable Voluma and it looks great! If I have to rush to work at the hospital,  I don't mind going without makeup. I have great confidence in their expertise.
Unbelievable customer service at this location! LOVE LOVE LOVE this place and will always go to the place from now on for any future gadget needs. I spoke with 3 different people, John, RJ, and Sean - all of them were incredibly accommodating, especially since I ended up having to cancel my first appointment last minute. These guys are great, do a fantastic job with repairs - my phone is like new, and they provide exceptional customer service 10\/10 for sure! Quick, easy, and very refreshing customer service! WELL DONE!
This place was run down, very small, and the staff all had bad attitudes.  Maybe this place used to be nice, but it's definitely fallen into disrepair.
Great wings, would defnitely go back if i find myself in Pittsburgh again.  I got two flavors of their many sauces, Arizona Ranch and Triple Atomic\n\nArizona Ranch were cooked perfect, had tons of sauce all over each wing, lots of flavor, sufficient amount of meat on each wing, really  couldn't have asked for more.\n\nTriple Atomic was one of those where they have you sign some dumb form to make the wings seem hot and build the hype.  well, they were hot, super freaking hot.  when i finished these i was nearly crying, definite tears running down and taking deep breaths felt like flames on my lips.  wouldn't get these wings again but i'm glad i tried the hottest they had to offer
I had to get a new battery and was treated like a queen by Carlos the assistant manager.. he was great!  Funny and efficient in getting me on my way!  Thank you!!
Tried this place for dinner tonight and was surprised at just how great it was! My boyfriend had a brown rice\/salad bowl with chicken, hard boiled egg, and onions, with sweet & spicy sauce on the side. He's not a foodie, not usually big on Asian food in general, and doesn't exhibit much enthusiasm for even his most favorite foods. This meal elicited an unusually high level of enthusiasm from him. Which is great, because I really loved it too! For myself I ordered a white rice bowl with gyudon, a spring egg, onions and a side of pepper sauce. I found the flavor of the gyudon to be particularly enjoyable. \n\nI ordered our meals online at around 6pm on a Friday, picked them up 10 minutes later with no wait. Price was on the high-ish side, but in my opinion was worth it. We will definitely be coming back!
Oh God, this place was so disgusting.  The experience is like eating in the Army: stand in line while the person behind the counter slaps a bunch of food in your bowl.  It was nasty.  So, I went back to watch the other customers to see if I just ordered the wrong thing.  Well, if you watch carefully, no matter what they order, everyone gets the same food piled onto their plates.  I was so disgusted that I wrote to the company to say that they could do better than pile food in a bowl.  The customer service agent suggested that I have the server mix the food in my bowl before giving it to me.  Seriously!?!  You're telling me your food gets better when served in a homogenous pile?  Yuck.
If you haven't gone here, stop what you're doing and GO NOW! Lots of items on the menu but I can't get past the paradise burger- pickled red onion on top and perfect size. Get the slightly sweet fries but be sure to grab from the fridge their custom ketchup and also the garlic sauce for dipping - killer! Very cool crew and they care, it shows.
It may be a bit out of your way, but with the massive garden bar fully exposed to the afternoon sun, this is a great place to drink cider and soak up some UV. It is spacious, with two bar areas (one with large TV screen for watching your sport, and the other with a couple of comfy bench\/couch seats) and of course the large outdoor space. When I last went, children were running around the garden, and the large umbrellas were up to shelter from the strong (yes, strong!) Edinburgh sun.\n\n\n The food is standard pub food, but delicious, and even when busy, is served quickly.
It ain't what it used to be. \n\nHaven't been here in more than 10 years when it was great. \n\nFood is still good maybe very good but not great. On a Friday night at 8p I was the only person sitting at the bar, let alone eating. Though the dining room was buzzing and almost full. \n\nMartini glass was so small I almost thought it was a joke. Martini itself was more vermouth than vodka. Excellent wine recommendation though and bartender was enthusiastic and trying. \n\nAs the Pittsburgh foodie scene continues to evolve, Lidia's is stuck and sliding. \n\nOh, move the wine away from the kitchen...
I can't say enough great things about the staff here. I feel respected, and most importantly not ripped off because I am a girl. \n\nThey are consistent in their service and pricing. They take appointments and are always up to speed on communication. \n\nI highly recommend this place for basic maintenance on your vehicle.
We love the breads there. They make a nice fresh sub and cut all as you order them. Good variety of all different toppings. The crew is always very nice and accommodating.  Our go to place for subs now.
Holy mother of the heavens, a glutton's dream!!!!! After seeing this place on Man Vs Food, I knew I HAD to stop here on my Vegas trip. (FYI, it's pretty far from the strip. You definitely need a car or taxi to get to). I ordered the famed Chicken Fried Eggs Benedict, and my hubby had the French Toast. Holy crap, I couldn't even believe the food when it came out.The portions were large enough to feed a small country, and the food was simply sinfully good. An absolute must stop when in Las Vegas.
I renovate lots of properties with many different investors and these guys are always first in mind. They have the best prices and service!
Really disappointing tacos. The food is tasteless and overpriced. The tacos were small and presentation limp. Toronto deserves better.
Jim Chai Kee is my go-to wonton noodle place. While this location was okay, I prefer the one on West Beaver Creek. This location seems to be recently renovated, and thus looks sleeker, but the food from the store on West Beaver Creek is incomparable. The soup is more flavourful and the wontons are larger. Regardless, this Jim Chai Kee is a great option in the area!
Had another wonderful Girls night out at one of my favorite places in Chandler.  Our waiter, Colin, was extremely nice and gave us some great menu suggestions-- all were fabulous!  The food is great but the staff is what makes it a great place to simply relax, eat great food and have an enjoyable night. Thanks Colin!!
Hard not to give this place 5 stars when the steak I had was probably the best I've ever had. I can't give a long review.  I had the 60-day aged ribeye. She had the walleye. We split the Brussel sprouts (which were just ok by the way). Wife said the fish was very good but she devoured the steak I shared with her.  So, great bar, great scotch selection and fantastic beef here. If you come, get the steak. It's awesome.
This review is for tires\/automotive - I made an appointment (the only time they take appointments) to get my '06 VW Jetta an alignment.  I got there at the appointment time.  45 minutes later I saw my car still sitting in the lot.  I asked the guy at the counter and he said he would check with the technician.  He came back shortly thereafter and apologized and said they couldn't do an alignment on my car because it was a VW and they didn't have the right tools.  What a joke.  Thanks for wasting my time.   So I want to CV Pros on East Wash and they had me in and out in an hour!  That's the last time I will get my car serviced at Farm and Fleet in Madison.
Jeez this place needs to Start Accepting Credit Cards and perhaps remove a table or two or get a bigger spot. A group of us went there for the Sunday brunch and it was slammed with a 45 min wait for us. We ended getting coffee at the cafe next door which turned out to be a nice surprise. I was looking to try the coffee at the Hoof Café since I saw the bag for my fav brand of coffee (49th Parallel Vancouver) First we were seated at the bar (who the heck seat a group of three on the bar!!) then we requested a seat at the table. In the meantime I bumped into someone's table and spilled some milk even though I was very careful but the space here so tight I am surprise the fire marshal hasn't shut them down for over crowding.  I decided to go with the French Toast with Foie Gras and side of bone marrow. A friend did the same while the 3rd in our part went with the Shrimp and Grits. After the somewhat long wait we got our food. The stuff looked great (will post pics later) the portion of Foie Gras was good (FYI they have increased the prices as the French Toast with Foie Gras was 27$) It was nice and rich with a generous dousing of Maple Syrup. My friend said the shrimp and grits were ok but the portion was small. I also left somewhat unfulfilled. This place is great for TO if you want to try something other than the mundane offerings in the city. three and half stars IMO.
So I attempted to famed Big Man's Breakfast challenged and failed miserably.  Those pancakes (while yummy!!!) are huge.  Not shame for me being on this diner's wall of shame.  Service is super friendly and the food is great.  I had been there once before and had an omelette.  The fried potatoes are awesome.  \n\nNote: If you are not attempting the big man's breakfast and want an order of pancakes be warned that they are freaking huge.  Hopefully you have 4-5 other people at your table to share.  Seriously, that is not an overstatement.  But they are quite good!
Just got cut and beard trim by Rodi, she did a fantastic job! definitely going back next month!
Our family of four went with another family on a Saturday night. This place is family friendly, however there is not a kids menu. But most kids will like many of the things offered on the menu. There were four kids in the group.\n\nOur group ordered cream of broccoli soup, warm rosemary bread, and chips with  con queso and guacamole. The kids demolished the bread. The chips came with a huge plate of tortilla chips and slightly spicy con queso and average guacamole. But both bowls were cleaned thoroughly. Several pizzas were ordered. Caution - pizzas are only made during certain hours and days so check the website. A gluten free pizza was ordered. My wife said it was the best she has had in the area. A white pizza was ordered. This was the other families favorite pizza. And I ordered a pepperoni and banana pepper pizza. I loved the crust and all the ingredient, except the sauce. I thought it was too tart for my taste. The tables are covered with white paper and pizza are placed directly onto the paper. Everyone enjoyed the twist on how the pizza was served. I did try a glass of wine, the Sweet Elisa. I must say I am not a wine connoisseur.  It truly was a sweet wine. It tasted like alcoholic grape juice. I found it refreshing. I would have more, but I was driving.\n\nThe large serving room is very warm and friendly and contributes to a great atmosphere. The staff is very friendly and attentive to serving food and clearing the table.  Everyone, including the kids would like to go back.
Good food!  I had never been there before last Thursday.  I went there on a lunch meeting and was not paying!  I was debating about the fish options, but seemed plentiful priced from $14-20.  When my lunch partner ordered soup and a dish, so I went ahead and ordered the $20 jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab meat.  It came with mashed sweet potatoes.  It was an incredible meal.  \nThis is a classy joint.  A little high brow for me for lunch.  But I would love to go back with my husband for a a nice night out!
This is my second stay at the Stratosphere.  My first vist was in Jan 2011.  This visit was from Sept 21-25, 2012.  It was coincidental that I stayed here again as my friend had a timeshare with a great deal for this hotel.  \n\nCONS:\nWhat I don't like about the Stratosphere is that you always have to speak up or else you will get stuck with a subpar room.  Last time we paid $20 more a day for an upgrade to a suite (It was indeed sweet!!!).  On our recent visit, there were just so many things wrong with our room, they HAD to move us to the Select rooms.  The Select room was on the 18th floor so it had a nice view of the city.  It was more modern, brightly lit and had a safe.  Even the shower ran better and included a Moen shower head (it's the little things, lol).  I think they offer the worst rooms to customers  first instead of the ones on the more newly renovated part of the hotel.  I don't like that.\n\nNext, even though housekeeping is available until 5pm, our room was only cleaned once (and a horrible job at that) while we were there.  Really "Molina"?  \n\nAs you're passing to and fro, the smoke on the casino floor will take your down...lol\n\nAnother thing is it is further down the strip (almost downtown) so cabs can get pricey.  \n\nAlso, concerning the area around the hotel: to me all of Vegas is hood so I don't get the "dangerous" warnings with the area around this hotel.  As a woman, use common sense and don't travel alone at night (behavior you should practice anywhere).  Many of the people who live in Vegas are on hard times, homeless people everywhere! No surprise there!  \n\nPROS:\nI will say that the Stratosphere has some of the best hotel food I have enjoyed in the good ole US of A.  Like...really good food with large portion sizes.  The first time I ordered a lot of room service as I was on a romantic getaway, lol.   This time my girlfriends and I ordered in twice and both times we loved our meals.  Veggie burger and salads are spectacular.\n\nDiscount tickets to local shows: we got a good deal on "sold out" Cirque du Soleil Zumanity tickets for the same night.\n\nI love that the hotel is a theme park onto itself and has lots of attractions including several restaurants inside (even the "shi-shi" Top of the World restaurant).  It is also great that your room key grants you free admission to the tower.  Go to the outside observatory for the best view of the city.  Don't waste your coins on the binoculars, they are poor quality.  Last time I went on one of the rides: X-treme.  It was awesome!
This review is for Friday July 1st. \nWe tried them for the second time we got there pizzas 2 both were to have extra cheese and light sauce. The pizzas both had a lot of sauce o. Them when we finally got out waters attention and told him he said "Well you did NOT tell me you wanted light sauce so that's how it comes our sauce is the best what would you like me to do have remade now?" I told him well I told you twice light sauce maybe if you wrote it down you would remembered. I asked how long it would be to have them remake it and he said they are busy so probably 20 min or more. We told him for get it because we had plans we tried taking the sauce off with a knife but it was making a mess and felt dumb so we just did not eat there and left. He asked if we wanted to take it with us. No we did not want a ton of sauce we dud not like them. We left 2 almost whole pizzas and hungry will not be back no discount sorry nothing at all.
My office had Chef Tim come out and cater today and my, oh, my, was it delicious!  I had the potato salad, bacon beans, and ribs with chicken (clearly it's cheat day). \n\nThe meat was tender, flavored, and gone in 60 seconds.  Your happy ending is the corn bread which you just have to try to understand.  If you're looking for a BBQ caterer I would definitely check them out!  I just noticed they have a store front as well, which is dangerous since I love me some BBQ! :)
Get your drink to-go because they serve those faster. They forgot about my drink so I waited total 30 minutes for a mocha. \nLighting is dim and music is loud, not really the best study space as some have claimed. \nProbably a good place to chat, but still a bit too loud for a deep conversation.  \n\nStars are for the cleanliness. At least they have that going on.
Cool atmosphere with a great view!  Love the decor and the open air feel... reminds me of Seattle's Pike Place Market.  My favorite is the Chicken Pot Pie Bites and the Wrapped Dates... to die for!  Went yesterday and enjoyed special pricing for sangria and mimosas.  Love this place!
My girlfriend was recommended this place from a coworker...I only got a chicken burrito, it was really good! I will definitely come back soon!
I am so happy a delicious and family owned ice cream shop came to my neighborhood! The ice cream is a amazing and a cronut?!!! BONUS!
Ein sehr schönes und empfehlenswertes Museum.\nDas National Museum of Scotland besteht eigentlich aus 2 Museen - dem Museum of Scotland und dem Royal Museum. \nDer Eintritt ist frei.
I had laser hair removal for my underarms at FNI and now they are so smooth and hair free. It's so worth the money not to have to shave.. and not to worry about lifting up your arms and being a hairy bear. I highly recommend Clarine.  She is so professional and she has excellent skills with the laser.
Love this place. It has the best Donuts in the valley. I have been to several around town but go to the one on Main Street and Stapley in Mesa the most sine I live close by. Several times a month I take my daughter there for breakfast. The staff is always very polite and helpful. They have a great selection of donuts and they are always made the same day. Nothing like fresh donuts in the morning. Also, they don't skimp on the frosting, which is a big deal for me since, lets face it, I am not eating donuts to help my figure. I won't go to Dunkin Donuts for that reason. Make them delicious and who cares about the sugar. If I cared I wouldn't be eating donuts. \n\nOnly knock is they don't accept Amex. I frequently buy donuts for work on the company Amex and I have to purchase them with my VISA and get reimbursed. Not the worst thing in the world, but a little annoying none the less. \n\nGive them a shot if you like good donuts!!!! \n\nAlso, very good price.
Fox Rental is a scam! Do not rent from them-ever!! Yes they have cheap prices but that is all they have going for them. We rented from them around New Years this year, and we were in town for a college bowl game. Before we took ownership of the car, my husband signed off and circled a place on the car that had damage. It was dated and time stamped.\n\nWhen we returned the car, we later received papers via the mail from Fox Rental Co., stating that they were charging us for the damage. That if we did not pay for labor, paint, time in shop without able to be rented- totaling $740, we would be turned over to a credit agency. \n\nWe have proofed that we did not do the damage and the damage was there before plus we have witnesses, our friends that were with us. \n\nThey are running a scam. If you get  lucky enough to be "targeted" by them then all they want is money. \n\nGo with a national and reputable rental car agency and save yourself some time and money! It is worth it in the beginning to pay the extra money for a rental car at well known rental car organization, which Fox Rental is not!
Great place for 5 and 7 year old! They didn't want to leave. We go to Vegas alot- wish I had found this place sooner! Did the groupon for 4 tickets and then purchased 5 more at the bulk price once we were there. Each kiddy ride only takes half ticket so essentially my kids got 9 rides each for a total of 18. With lunch and arcade inside, that lasted us 3-4 hours. Highly recommend for young kids. They also have go carts for older kids and adults.
For as long as I've lived in Phoenix (my whole life), I never got around to trying Chompie's. Well the day finally came since they opened this one on the west side of town. My friends and I came in for brunch on Sunday and it was packed! We decided to sit at the bar. The bartender was very nice, but seemed a bit scattered. Expected with a new restaurant though. I loved the decor of the restaurant, that might have been one of my favorite things. \n\nThe Drinks: \nGood. We ordered spicy bloody mary's and mimosas. The bloody mary's were spicy as requested. \n\nThe Food: \nDelicious. I am on a diet right now, but ordered the classic breakfast with 2 eggs, turkey sausage, english muffin and fruit. Everything was delicious, but would have been nice to have a little bit more fruit. My friends ordered the All Salmon Half & Half Bagel and a side of corned beef hash. Not being a salmon fan, it didn't look very good to me, but he said it was outstanding. The corned beef hash had a weird texture, but was good. \n\nAfter we finished, we popped over to the deli\/bakery. OMG. I don't have a big sweet tooth, but everything looked amazing! I am a sucker for cannolis and black and white cookies...They had both! I will be back when I have a sweet tooth!\n\nOverall, we enjoyed the atmosphere, food an drinks. Will return soon!
Small place with good service. I've been here a couple times, and finally brought my wife. We both enjoyed our meals.  Enjoyed the Gyros, and my wife had the chicken kabob. She doesn't eat much so we took her leftovers to go. To my surprise my picky 12yr old daughter liked the kabobs and finished the plate ; ( no leftovers for me. The fries that come with the gyros combo are way good. Next time I'm gonna try the Baba Ghanoush. Ok, I like the gyros too much so I probably won't, but I just like to say Baba Ghanoush.  Also, forgot some spendy sunglasses here on a Friday, called them Sunday night and they had been holding them for me.  Nice.
Ok. Not much more. Pricey for most services and average services at that.  The front desk reception is just an area for 6 people greeting you like they are doing you a favour. Not much in the area in the way of spas and that is the reason they stay in business. Not much in the way of competition really. A place where west island women go to say they went.  The massages are pretty good, mani\/pedis ok but over priced and the facials are average.
DELICIOUS!! Everything about this place is great. This was our first time eating at House of Pizza and coming from two East Coasters I can honestly say this is the closest and most delicious thing we've had to real deal East Coast pizza. The staff is SO nice and that's saying something since I was wearing my Red Sox shirt not realizing this was a Yankees pizza shop lol. The decor is all Yankees which is super cool if you're a fan. We were fortunate enough to meet Vinny, one of the owners who couldn't possibly have made us feel more welcome. Even their desserts are made in house and they're SO GOOD!! Our new favorite pizza shop.
Of the many Chinese takeaways that are dotted around Edinburgh, this will always be my first choice. As a vegetarian - and a self-confessed picky eater! - I believe Mayfield Village offers the freshest and tastiest food. There is a stark difference in the taste of their food, when compared with other Chinese's I have gone to. If I have friends round for a takeaway, I will always use this one. And they will always comment on how nice the food was. I can't recommend it highly enough.
It's amazing how you can go to the same restaurant twice and have two completely opposite experiences, one a 5 star and one a 1 star.\n\nWe went today at 2:30 pm to eat after an INCREDIBLE experience 11pm Saturday night. Saturday night it was fairly empty, and we sat at the bar. A great female bartender took our order, took care of everything with my food allergies, and was overall awesome. The food itself was delicious. \n\nToday, the food was AWFUL. The service by a bartender again (Shawn) was horrible. He was obviously stressed and not only served us badly (screwed up the order, didn't send my cold app out with my husband's hot app), but didn't even provide silverware or napkins for the people next to us. My order was wrong (I didn't say anything, it wouldn't have gotten me anywhere), and the food runners didn't even seem to know where the food was going and just asked the patrons who ordered chicken satay. \n\nIf you're going to come here, recognize that it's totally hit or miss.
I'm almost embarrassed to be writing this review because I should have read the other reviews and NEVER used this service in the first place!\n\nMy experience with Marin Door-to-Door was a NIGHTMARE!  I was travelling from outside the U.S. with a connecting flight in Miami.  My flight was delayed and caused me to miss my connection.  As soon as I realized I missed the connection and would have to stay the night in Miami, I called the company to cancel my pickup in SFO.  This was 6+ hrs before the scheduled pickup, so easily within a reasonable timeframe to save the driver an unnecessary trip to the airport.\n\nThe next day when I had a new flight and arrival time, I called the van service to reschedule a pickup.  At that time, I found out they had charged me for the non-pickup the night before and they would charge me again for a new pickup.  Since there were two passengers, the total charges would be $100.  Ridiculous!!!  I said no thanks.\n\nAfter returning home, I tried several times to reach the manager to discuss getting a refund for the non-trip.  The manager (Gulsen) was never avaiable (even after I was told specific times to call).  I also never got a returned call.  About 5 calls later, I finally reached the owner, Beysim Yakuboff.  He would not listen to me, was rude to me, and then HE HUNG UP ON ME!  Unbelievable.\n\nSave yourself a giant headache and use Marin Airporter or a cab service.
HELLO Aussies boys! I wish i was one of the people to get picked from the crowd, those freaking girls were so lucky!!! Personal lap dances...yes please! Its all about the show because they did not except tips. You can get a pic with all the guys at the end of the show which I highly recommend too. Its a must ladies...so YOLO!
I can not say enough great things about Erin Green. She sold my house within 2days!!! She is not only great at selling a house but she is very compassionate about doing what is best for her client. I had a complicated situation with my home and Erin went above and beyond to find out what would be best for me! She truly cares about her clients and I highly recommend her for any of your real estate needs.
Owner is super nice and if anything isn't to your liking he'll fix it. Coffee is yummy. And they have a lot of choices for food and coffee here
Awesome service !! Appetizers are A1 I've told so many people about this lil hidden gem... If ur looking for a cool, cozy place to chill with friends, this is your place...
Walk up to the counter, it's taco Tuesday. Girl behind the counter ignores me. She doesn't say a word!  I wait. She takes an order or to someone, passes me twice, not a word. After messing with some papers she asks for my order, not friendly at all. After I place the order, she turns to the pass through and coughs. She didn't cover her mouth at all and there were two plates of food sitting there. The tacos were shredded beef with deep fried shells. Not the worst thing I ever had but I won't be back.
I would consider the food to be very good, however not authentic Mexican food if that's what you're looking for. The staff were very reluctant. My boyfriend ordered a michelada and the waitress asked me if I wanted one as well and what type of beer I wanted in mine, I'm 7 months pregnant and not even the age to legally drink. She didn't card my boyfriend at all which was surprising. The food came out fast and the portions were a good size, even though their menu was really small. At the end we paid cash and the waitress gave us less change back. I would come back for the food, but because of the customer service due to the waitress I would not come back, you could easily find another subpar Mexican restaurant elsewhere.
All around a good place, good food, clean, service is decent. Has a very home like feeling, seemed as all other patrons were enjoying there time there.
The phó wasn't especially authentic, but it was pretty good. The service was fine as well. I don't remember my waiters name but he was nice. I intend on giving the place another chance but Phó Cao did not stand out to me.
Love this place. Great "healthy" food option for someone watching what they eat. I always get the 1\/2 chicken 2 sides. I have yet to find a side that I didn't like. They have a few beers to choose from along with wine. Their homemade sauces are amazing. Try mixing the red and yellow together.
it is a nice hotel, the rooms are good size, but not amazing, valet was fast, it needs a pool for kids or at least an area form the main pool.\nBars and restaurants look good, casino too, they have a little store inside thats 24 hours, nice decorations
Very typical AYCE Japanese restaurant.  From service to quality of food to selection, pretty much at par with other similar restaurants.  So do not expect anything spectacular.  \n\nFood items that I like today: yellow dragon roll (actually tastes quite nice with mango on top), grilled eggplant, salmon belly (surprisingly well done)\n\nA-ok: ramen, chicken wings, eel hand roll, coconut pudding\n\nNot-so-good: udon, all the beef dishes (too "chewy"), sushi, chicken teriyaki, salmon teriyaki\n\nWeekend lunch is $17.99.  Includes one drink.
I stayed at the South Point Hotel and had to catch morning flight to San Francisco, so I had my breakfast at this place. I could say this is about average for a quick breakfast. They did run some special from midnight to 6am, so if you like staying late, you may get some good deal.
What a huge disappointment!!! I have been waiting for this place to open for months, I usually eat at Tokyo Lobby but was looking forward to having a great sushi place closer to the house. The place was busy especially for a Monday night but that is no excuse for them to take over 30 minutes for the first 2 rolls of the 3 we ordered to arrive. The rice was like glue, I know it should be sticky but not like this. The fish on the rainbow roll was ok, lacked real flavor. The rolls were half the diameter of Tokyo's and almost twice the price $11 Vegas roll, $13 Rainbow roll and I believe the Surf and Turf was $17. The 3rd roll we ordered did not arrive for another 15 minutes, it was the Surf and Turf roll, this one had great flavor but again the rice sucked. I made the mistake of ordering one more roll (i know stupid) but the 2 of us were still hungry after the first 3 small rolls. The Vegas roll arrived, (how could you screw up something as simple as that?) but they managed, I think I could have done better at a grocery store with that one. The final and most disturbing thing was the flies!!! Some genius designed a sushi bar to have 2 huge garage doors that open so they can have an open air bar. So lets see raw fish+open walls+no fly fans = a very disgusting fly filled dinning experience. The food gets 2 stars but overall a 1 star because of what I am sure can't be a healthy mix of raw fish and flies everywhere.  What a shame!!!
This place is just amazing.  I'll never get tired of this place.  Every time I come here I always have to try something different off their menu.  My goal is to try everything on their menu.  My last visit I tried their Happymess - Truffle fries topped with shaved NY Strip, pico and bleu cheese.  Bleu Cheese is really not my cup of tea and it still isn't, but this dish was still good and would be even awesome if you like bleu cheese.
Joanne does a great job on my eyebrows but her assistant doesn't put the attention to detail into it like Joanne does. If you get Joanne, 5 stars! But beware when her assistant does your eyebrows no attention to detail and just trying to get people in and out. I've never had my brows done before where they didn't also tweeze. Her assistant always just threads and sends you on your way...within a week my eyebrows look like they need done again. Won't be back unless I know only Joanne will be there.
I've been going to Nicole for over 3 years and I always love my hair! I don't have a normal schedule and she always finds time for me which I really appreciate! Nicole is fast, but very efficient! Which I love, because if you're like me you want to get in and out. I recommend Nicole for any of your hair needs :)
Went with a group after the movie on Sunday afternoon. Nice crowd. Food was average. Service was very spotty. Probably my last visit.
Mark provided quick, quality service when we needed a broken window replaced. He is a consummate professional. I will not heistate to use his services again or recommend him to others. Thanks Mark!
Next to Juniper Junction, the Raj Mahal is my go-to second choice. The place is pretty unclean looking, though the owners have down some decent renovations over the years to spruce things up, but expect the occasional leaky ceiling and some dirty walls. The buffet is fantastic and the dishes are generally very authentic.
went to Woodys today at a suggestion from a friend who also went there with us - he was also not included in any of the food but he did know some of the people there so he stayed to eat their crumbs  when the good food was brought out ,. there was popcorn and pretzels at the bar so after ordering drinks we started to eat some - noticed that the  "regular" customers moved them both down the bar so we could not eat any more.  Talked with Woody AND then the regulars that used to go to Avenue came in so we moved so they could sit together. Well, the bartender brought them shrimp. taco dip, veggies and dip and was making them a pizza  and more food that was just for them -  we all got to watch them eat but no sharing with us -  we both had 3 drinks and I played the machines - found this to be very rude - will not go back - he asked us to come for Karaoke but he did not know when it was and after spending money down there - if you are not a regular we felt we did not matter.
Gabe arrived on time, provided quick and fair estimates and did great work. I'll definitely call him again if I need other plumbing work done, and would recommend him highly.
I want to give this less stars, I really do, but I am trying to be fair. \n\nThe hotel itself is decent. It's in downtown Charlotte and you really are in the center of everything. There are a ton of restaurants in the area and it seems like there's plenty to do. We were even able to walk to our friend's wedding a couple of blocks away. It would be nice if they would make it clear to guests how to get in to their hotel and where to park. We circled around for a bit before we realized that the valet outside could be used for the hotel (although it is not specific to the hotel..it's for the whole Epicentre). The parking garage is the same way. \n\nMy main issue is, you guessed it, the noise level. I have never had a worse experience in a hotel in my life. There are clubs and bars around, as I mentioned before, and one in particular blasted their music so loud that we could feel the base inside our room. I asked the front desk when we could expect a little more quiet, and wasn't given much of an answer other than, "They usually change the music after midnight and don't close until 2". I mentioned that customers should really be warned about this, and they said, "Oh, this is on our website." I looked for it...it's not an easy warning to find. And the warning makes it sound like it would only affect "light sleepers and that it's just a little city noise. No. Anyone who can hear would have issues sleeping in a place like this. Manhattan doesn't sound like this. Even with the sound machine and ear plugs the hotel so kindly provided to us when we complained, I could hear it. It even got louder. I called again, and they told us they did not have another room for us to switch to, so we had to tough it out. \n\nI've traveled throughout the country and to many places abroad, and by far, this is the worst hotel experience I have ever had.
I had been looking for an Infiniti G37 for a while and Cochran Infiniti in the North Hills gave me the best service over other dealerships. Mike Simmons was very helpful and knowledgeable in the buying process. I ended up purchasing a low mileage 2013 G37 from him. I typically hate the car buying process but the last 2 cars I bought were both from Cochran dealers and I will definitely visit one of their dealerships first in the future.
Best Dr. I have ever had. She is very friendly and remembers me every time. the office is very warm and inviting. I hardly get white coat syndrome when I come into her office. In fact I wished my family doctor would take some pointers from Dr. Nicole. Most importantly, Dr. Moss is very educated in her field while also being very personable at the same time. She will always listen and help you with your concerns and questions.
This place is great to eat.  I work uptown.  It has a wide vairety of food at competitive prices.  They are fast food, but you wouldn't know it.  Always very friendly and clean.  I eat here about 3-4 time a month.
Lame company. Lengthy windows. Who really has time to stay home from 8am to 2pm waiting for them. Plus, they were super late past that six hour waiting period. Crappy service as well. Don't recommend. Secretary is rude, also. Never again.
These guys lived up to their good reputation. No pressure or attempts to upsell. Friendly, courteous, and honest.
Good standard (westernized) thai food. I've only ever placed takeout orders here, so I can't speak to eating inside the restaurant. \n\nThe have decent specials on occasion so definitely check those out. They usually come with a bunch of good stuff, and sometimes ice cream too. \n\nGreen Curry Chicken and Red Curry Shrimp are my go-to's and are always fresh and tasty. Spring rolls are good too.\n\nThey're also great with accommodating gluten allergies. Love that!
Had similar experiences to recent reviews on here. Saw the doctor two or three times, his assistant was very unprofessional and rude. Seems as though they went out of business.
I love this place...I've been going there every week for 3 months...it is a little tricky to find and even though I have been there numerous times I still miss it....all the massage therapists are great...I am partial to Ruth and Lambo. ...Price is the best part only 30 dollars for age 50 and over.....very relaxing I have an appt. every Wednesday!
I am very surprise to find out about this place. Obviously the food taste great and price per plates are range from only $1 to $2 per plate. Awesome!!!!!!
Was looking for a breakfast place so we decided to stop at Grandma's Kitchen.. The atmosphere was so-so, they should have had music on or something! The waitress wasn't mean or rude, just kinda surly. I ordered the bacon, spinach and mushroom omelette, minus the 'shrooms. When I got the omelette I noticed the spinach didn't look very fresh, and upon first bite I could taste it: CANNED SPINACH!! Ew. I'm assuming the mushrooms would have been canned too, glad I left them off..
I'm a huge fan of Chicken Wings and have explored many places in Toronto for delicious wings and something where I can get away from the standard levels of spicy BBQ sauces.  Puck'n Wings is the place to go if you want to explore various wing flavours.  There are over 50 selections, and the wings have never been dry or stingy with the meat on the bone.\n\nThe best time to go would be Monday's when its half price wings with a purchase of a drink.  I recommend going with a at least a few people then you can share a variety of different flavours.  If you decide to get a soft drink get ready for it to be the size of Movie theatre glass.  They definitely don't go stingy with  their soft drinks, that's for sure.  Also, the curly fries are really tastey with a great side dip.\n\nThe service is pretty friendly, and if you're into sports they have them playing on the TV screens throughout the restaurant.  Also, from what I hear for you guys out there, supposedly, the urinals have little hockey nets and pucks for you to play with while peeing.  In my opinion though, if you're peeing that much to be able to play that, you probably had waaay to much to drink. haha!
Long day, just flew from NJ and tried checking in just now.  Told the room not ready??  $300 a night and you don't have a room at 4:40pm and still waiting.  No here's a free drink or here's a card to swipe into the weight room. Nothing. Just stand around in the lobby. My advice go to the Marriott.\n\nUpdate: woke up to beautiful view of Browns football stadium and the Lake Erie Waterfront through floor to ceiling windows.  The room and hotel are really nice so let's call yesterday's check in snafu hopefully a rare glitch and me a grumpy Traveler.
Definitely a five star experience at Juut Salonspa. I stopped by the other day to see if I could get a walk-in but had to make an appointment instead. I arrived and was greeted warmly and checked in. They offered water or tea but I declined. I waited for my stylist, Whitney, and she guided me back to her chair. I came at a good time because it wasn't busy. I told her what I was thinking and she was receptive and engaged with my ideas. Whitney was lovely and she kept up the right level of conversation. \n\nShe started off with a scalp and shoulder massage which was really nice. She washed my hair, cut it and styled it with the appropriate hair products and tools and I was happy with the result. I appreciate how their products are natural and that they celebrate Earth month by partnering with charities. The price was affordable (didn't hurt that I had a promotional card) and I felt it was worth my time and money to come here. I don't visit the salon often but I would come back here and try to refer friends. Great customer service and ambiance!
Just had there Veal Sangweeech.....\nTotally Amazing , very tasty and great size .\nSauce was fantastic as was the bun . Very fresh.\nThere's actually a place to sit inside if you desire ,\nNothing to fancy but great to grab a bite and catch a game on the TV.
Loved it! I brought my dad here for a Father's Day lunch. The service was terrific! They had just opened a few weeks ago. The cocktails and Aqua Frescas were    unique and so delicious. I was told that they come in early to prepare the drink mixes from scratch. I tried three tacos; the fish was my favorite. The chicken was a bit spicy, the pork was ok. I will definitely return and will be bringing my friends!
So we had just landed into Phoenix, we had been up since about 3 a.m. Phoenix time (6 a.m. Cleveland time), so we were tired, hungry and just wanted some food. It was a Sunday, and brunch sounded really good. So we are driving around Old Scottsdale, and decided to get out and walk to find a restaurant. One of the first restaurants we happened upon the The Montauk, and it looked like a really good menu. So we go up and ask how long the wait is. Now, we are dressing in tshirt and leggings basically ... comfy clothes that we flew in. Well one of the hostesses eyes us up and down and tells us that they are full. Then another one interjects and said that they have a table they can seat us at right away. \n\nSo we go in, and let me tell you, they had the music up like you were in a nightclub. It was 11:30 a.m. on a Sunday. You could not hear the music from the road, so it was very deceiving. It was so loud though, and they had a DJ set up in the booth. I mean, it was kinda cool, but just not what we were expecting for a Sunday morning brunch. Plus it was really hard to hear, and that's a lot coming from a 24-year-old. \n\nIt took forever for a server to get to us. She was really nice, but she was overwhelmed, and so we saw her few and far inbetween. On the plus side, we did get some great food and some good cocktails to start our vacation. Maybe if we were a little bit more prepared for what we were going into, or if we hadn't been looked up and down and deemed "unfit" to eat there initially, I would have enjoyed the experience more.
I've had the kalbi, bulgogi, dolsat bibimbap, haemul pajeon, and the duk bokki over the course of a few visits. All the food and side dishes are amazing. Very authentic and great service. My go to Korean restaurant in Phoenix.
I was here for lunch with a close group of friends. I feel like everything amazing about this place has been repeated over and over already by others. All I can say is, impeccable service (they anticipated our every need), stellar view, and great innovative food.
We were looking for some good food before leaving town and had wanted to try Ra on the previous trip. Mid afternoon on a Monday and the service was still slow, really slow. No deafening music though. The sushi was overpriced but it was still tasty Mexican sushi. It is "Good for Kids" in the day time, minus the slutty looking hostess.
this place is awesome i have nothing but good things to say about this place and its staff. \n\nwe requested a complementary Humvee pick up from our hotel that was already waiting for us in front of the hotel when we came down. \nonce we to Battle Field Las Vegas we were shown around and they helped us make our selection on the firearms we wanted to shoot. \nafter walking around a bit taking pictures and looking at all the military vehicles they have on site we were called in to shoot. \nour Range Safety Officer was Mike C he was very cool and helpful. he took the time to show me the proper way to shoot a automatic firearm and answered any questions i had. \nafter we were done shooting we shopped around a bit and got drooped back off at our hotel.
Freakin' awesome. A defensive end size man with the coolest Easter island tattoos takes your order. If you want freshly made to order food in bite size attractively priced- here is your place. The flavor profile of each menu item is well thought out and balanced, and delightfully not swimming in oil. Authentic, no nonsense, and well worth the trip. Will be back to try the tamales which were sold out!
Great pizza as always. Friendly staff and always welcoming. The only bad thing I would have to say is the time it takes for them to make the pizzas at this location. It seems to take longer than most other papa johns I've been to. I've had only the pizza from this location, so I cannot comment on the entire menu, but if you want a good pizza at a fairly competitive price, papa johns is a great choice
This is my favourite sushi restaurant in Montreal.  I have been eating here for over 10 years and the reason being as this is the most authentic Japanese sushi restaurant I have eaten at in Montreal.  The decor is not the best however, the quality of fish is very fresh and you can tell the chefs at this restaurant take pride in the food they serve. The miso soup is the best I have had in the city, so tasty yet so simple. The salad that comes with most meals is always fresh and the dressing on the salad makes you crave it until you eat it a next time. Order the black cod, it will be cooked to perfection and it will melt in your mouth. When in season, order the uni (sea urchin).  I was extremely skeptical to try this but when I first did I was hooked. When I see it on other restaurants I always order it but it never tastes as good as it does from Isakaya. Another favourite of mine is the grilled squid. \n\nWhen I crave sushi, this is the best it gets! Try it.
I Havre been there 3x\nFirst time i order out and got charged full price which i was not told.  I thought i would get the happy hour price if i order in person and durning happy hour time, but i was wrong , its only for dine in only in order to get  the happy hour price. 2nd time i dine in, sat at the bar and waited like 15 minutes to get any service, get the menu. I started talking to the hispanics making the sushi in ordwr to fill up the time till the waitress came by to take my drink order. I order a sake bomber and Karin beer and then had to wait which seemed like forever to get my order in. Finally put my order in of las vegas rolls and asked for ice water with lemon...i got my water but had to ask several times for lemons from 3 different waitress to get my lemon for water. The atmosphere is great,  price are great, if u dine in.  the cooks are awesome but if your in a hurry forget it...you will be thete for over an hour or so.
I love triple AAA discount at payless along with a free passport photos yearly! Free travel guides and maps :) ahhh so worth the membership! Best of all road side assistance! Lots of parking at this location!  A travelers best friend!
Poutine is amazing, and this place gets creative with the options. I had the "philly" cheese steak poutine and it was awesome. Fries I guess could be a bit crispier but oh well. They need to expand to NYC or something because otherwise I'm going to have to move to Toronto. Kinda of wish they had beer, but I think that's a Canada\/Toronto thing. Come here and order everything, one by one.
Tony Saccos is always the best place to eat. You can never go wrong. The Coney Island beer is awesome. It's always a favorite. The Napoli pizza is probably one of the best pies going!!!!!
Came here on a Saturday evening at 7 PM, valet took the car and was greeted inside by the hostess. It was my first time here and was provided a tour of the restaurant, which was really nice. \n\nMy girlfriend and I ordered the crab cake to start, followed by filet mignon (10oz), New York strip steak, lobster mashed potato, and the baked Alaska for dessert. As for drinks, a glass of champagne and merlot (expect to pay 3-4 times the price for a glass of wine versus elsewhere). \n\nCrab cake was nice and hot when arriving, was a bit too salty in my opinion. The steak arrived shortly after and was delicious. Hands down one of the best steaks I've ever had, very flavourful and juicy. Lobster mashed potato was also really great, I highly recommend. The portions of the sides are fairly large, so if you are coming as a group sharing would be great! Lastly, we had the baked Alaska for dessert.. It is massive, and flaming brandy is poured over it! From what I recall, it was brownie on the bottom, almond gelato in the middle, and dark chocolate on the top portion. \n\nTo summarize, great first experience.  I would recommend if you're coming here to celebrate something important or special. 4.5 stars from me!
Food is real good. They cook their wings when you order so it's not sitting there allday. I took my daughter and she had the General TSO's chicken and as picky as she is, she liked it.
I used to get my car washed here for years and years and was always happy their their work.  I recently moved down to Florence and tried a local car wash, you can check my other reviews to see it, but needless to say it wasn't a great experience.  So I started making a point of swinging back through here when I was in town.  They just waxed both of my cars and they still do great work.  For a full buff wax and supreme wash it was about 140 bucks, so it's not cheap, but the work was great and I'm not going to do it myself so I'd rather pay to have it done right.
Which crime is worse: Mediocre food served by super sweet owners? Or a Yelper that embellishes their experience? It's super hard to be blunt when I can see the business try to give effort. However, It saddens me that the food I sampled left me extremely unsatisfied. \n\nPRO: Service 5\/5\n* Owners are super sweet & helpful\n* Menu has a nice variety of original Thai dishes & also a dash of Chinese fusion \n* Prices are fair \n* Portion size is slightly above average on (some) dishes\n* Thai ice tea is tasty\n\nCON: Food 2\/5\n* Pad Thai - Although a great heaping portion, the egg \/fettuccine noodles substituted instead of authentic rice noodles, left the dish extremely dense and dry. The noodles sat in our bellies like a rock and was difficult to digest. The blandness of this dish left a lot to be desired. 2\/5\n* Mongolian beef hash - The overall dish had a prominent sour, possibly lime flavor which caught me off guard and the portion size was questionable. The "hash" portion was a tease - the "1" hash brown that you can find at Costco'a freezer aisle (I love Costco) but still, it wasn't not large enough to satisfy the amount of beef cubes and the large chunks of bell pepper and onions underneath. After 3 balanced bites with hash, I was left picking at the rest of my saucy beef and veggies wishing there was some sort of carb, or rice to soak up all the moisture to eat it with. 2\/5\n\nWe were let down by our first impression of this spot, but I can see that a lot of locals enjoy the variety and the value, so I'll just leave it at that. To each their own!
My wife and I frequent the WWH and we love it! The staff is amazing (especially Brooke & James) and are extremely knowledgable. The perfect place to meet good people and drink delicious wine at a great price. Easily the first stop for any night out!
NO STARS !!!! Absolutely terrible !! Bought flowers for deliver for my anniversary and no delivery, no show, no communication. Called their answering service multiple times & actually drove to there location and both sites were vacant !!! Called credit card and disputed the purchase.
Has a Continental menu with some Hungarian influences. The Schnitzel (Pork, Chicken or Veal) looks a little over bearing when it arrives but actually is quite light. Right amount of red cabbage & other tasty side vegetable. In summer has a small patio where one can people watch (especially those beautifully people spending the big bucks across the road in the Hazelton Hotel patio). Friendly staff and good service.
This hotel is a way from the strip, but works for a hotel if you're looking for something that is a little more mellow. \n\nThe pool is good, dont expect a lot here.\n\nOverall, its an older person's hotel
Hey so first of all the waitress was Fantastic!!! Now the food was good but...we arrived and ordered 2 of their take home glass twisted drinks my boyfriend ordered a Long Island ice tea and I ordered a watermelon kiwi something or other and to my shock the said here is your drink but the liquor that is so pose to be in the drink came as a tiny shot on the side!? So I ordered a extras shot and poured it in but didn't get charged for the shots so that was awesome, then we ordered our food and the portions were crazy, to say the least. \nWell let's just say my food was cold and my boyfriends was hot but that didn't stop me from devouring it needless to say over all very very good!!
First time here at little City Grille we were driving down to laughlin and decided to eat in Boulder City after going to different eateries we decided to stop at little City Grill the place was almost full we got a spot window view the staff were so friendly and polite the most important the food was so great my wife had a veggie burger and her eyes glowed when she took the first bite and said you got to try this I ordered the mushrooms Swiss burger and the bun was so fresh and soft this place is amazing if your in Boulder City you need to stop by and at this place this became our must stop by if we are in town way to go Little City Grille.
The people there are so nice and friendly the prices are reasonable too great small business great customer service.  They did a great job re-doing my great  grandmothers mirror.  They were prompt with follow up.  I would wholeheartedly recommend them to anyone for any of their framing needs!
Very disappointing business. I bought 8 sessions for body contouring.Kim has been late to 3 of my appointments. The fourth scheduled appointment she didn't even show. I called her and she apologizes to me,adding the next session would be on her. I show up, no word spoken out of her mouth, no good morning no hi, how are you, nothing. Kim has a great way of treating her paying customer. I mentioned to her that I would like to schedule my fifth session and that's when she mumbled under her breath (in front of another client) she would schedule if I decide to "actually show" for my appointment...she forgot that she stood me up prior. It could be all the Botox which gives her selective memory perhaps. I'm so turned off that I'm not even going to my remaining "paid for" sessions. I don't recommend her services to no one!!!....Thanks for the crappy service Kim!
Great coffee shop. always get regular coffee with almond syrup-soooo good))
This place is beyond phenomenal. \n\nGreatest buffet I have ever been too . I've been going here to eat for two years almost and they never fail me. I love going for breakfast and dinner . I go twice a day. There crab legs are to die for, their exquisite servings in all kinds of different culture foods. Starting from all the delicious food to even the service I had a great pleasure to have Alex as my server and he was great and knowledgeable on the menu . Definitely the number 1 buffet in Las Vegas . \n\nOh and don't forget to also add a mimosa doesn't matter the time of day it you can't ever go wrong with their mimosas.
Really good fried chicken. Had a small wait for our group of three, but definitely worth it. It's a little out of the way for those living in the heart of downtown but definitely worth the trip!
My husband and I have eaten here twice the last 4 years as we live close by but the food isn't worth the price to us.  We're always disappointed the cost and the food was not worth it.  We won't be back.
I went here for brunch with my friend visiting from out of state.  It was worth it, I was kind of iffy at first with the price being $30\/person but the prime rib, lobster claws, and king crab alone is worth the price.  They did have unlimited mimosas and bloody marys.  The buffet actually is comparable to the Vegas buffets, good entrees to choose from,  fresh seafood, omelet bar, big selection of desserts.  Will be back whenever I have the mood to overeat :)!
I love this place. The owners, the bar staff, the kitchen: they're all great. I've never had a bad experience the countless times I've been to this bar. It's a gem. Just go. Make new friends, dance the night away, watch a show, all the above.
tenant not happy, goes from bad to worse. if you are an old, mean, unemployed alcoholic that has no life but to watch everyone that lives here, this is the place for you! You'll fit right in!  If you are a female , definitely think twice, especially if you're hot.
Atmosphere promises alot. Food was abysmal, my hamburger was raw inside and cold. Waitresses were attractive and scantily dressed but our waitress was too busy kissing her boyfriend who was seated and was unable to provide even  so-so service.
Eis Cream Cafe had some of the friendliest employees and some of the most delicious homemade ice cream I've come across. Upon walking in, the first thing that you are bound to notice are the adorable decorations. There were desserts painted on the walls, a display full of trendy macarons and cronuts (!!!), a display of various candy, and even inflatable ice cream cones. I felt as though I walked onto the set of a Katy Perry music video! Haha :)\n\nThe ice cream was definitely the highlight. I want to say they have around 25 flavors, and they're all homemade! The bubbly employee behind the counter explained that they have "real" ingredients, such as mango from the Philippines in their mango ice cream, strawberries from California, and pineapple from Hawaii. They have a mixture of ice creams and sherbets, and I tried a good variety. I was a bit skeptical of the watermelon sherbet because it was an odd artificial magenta color, but it tasted like real watermelon, which was awesome. I ended up getting a scoop of the brownie ala mode, which is vanilla ice cream with fudge and brownies swirled in, and OMG. Heaven. They also have sundaes and ice cream sandwiches, but my ice cream was decadent enough. \n\nThis place is a hidden gem in the target plaza and is definitely worth checking out if you live in the area.
Dr. Ingram was my third vet in three months after moving back to Scottsdale.  He was by far the most thorough and informative of all the other vets. Both of my dogs were having reoccurrences - one with ear infections and the other with colitis.  Dr. Ingram came up with a treatment plan for both dog to hopefully avoid these reoccurrences.  \nHe also seemed much more updated about medications.  My dogs are 14 so I have been to many vets and I rank Dr. Ingram as one of the two best!  I highly recommend this clinic.
I took my daughter in without an appointment and she was able to be seen quickly, even though they had many other patients.  Their efficiency and thoroughness impressed me. My daughter received excellent and competent care from the man who initially checked her eyes to the Doctor.  They both listened to our concerns and because of that, my daughter's prescription was accurate. When we went in, I thought my daughter did not have insurance available since she had just gotten them checked last summer elsewhere.  A lady at the front desk called the insurance for us and saved us money!  We will definitely be back again and highly recommend this customer-focused office, Dr. Chiu and the staff.
Always a good experience. Easy to get in and out. Steak salad is excellent. Friendly staff. Only ever been there for the L in BLD.
Good cheese steaks and the owner is cool. The cheese curds are also good. I will be back if I'm looking for a cheese steak that's close to home.
Looking for terrific service? The folks at Spectacle know their stuff. \n\nI've bought lenses at a quick turnaround competitor and while they are okay as a spare pair, there's nothing like having a quality pair of glasses (lens and frame).\n\nIf you're moving for progressive bifocals spend the additional money and go for a midrange Nikon or better lens. You won't believe the difference it will make. Anne at Spectacle helped both my wife and I, and we couldn't be happier!
i am so shocked to see the bad reviews for this company.... I have been a customer for 5 years. They come every week to clean my pool, like clock work... every Wednesday at 8:00 AM.\nJuan does a fabulous job!\n\nOf course over 5 years I have needed to have repairs..... they replaced a motor, reasonably priced.... no problems sense.\nA new heater last year.... I LOVE the new one!!! Heats the pool quick!\n\nMore than once they have had to clear a clogged line  because of my palm leaves... IF I get an extra charge on my bill its just a few extra dollars.\n\nEven my neighbors have started using them as a regular pool cleaning service.\nI can't imagine why the horrible reviews?????? I have had really good service for years.
Very disappointed  in the way the owner is very money hungry his attitude towards his customers is always changing not very good customer service its sad! The owner gives out cards for all u can eat after u buy 10 u get one free  then he tells u that u can't combine two cards to get the free all u can eat deal saying that it says on the card can't combine with any other! Offer ! It's the same offer lol its a free sushi just because u have two cards u can't get the free one that's so stupid and contradicting.   I mean after paying for 10 all u can eat to get one free what difference does it make ,Plus the quilty of the fish is getting bad the tuna with garlic had that white kinda nerves in it turned my stomach real sad when people just care on or about the money instead on how they treat there customers and the quilty of the food that's how a business goes under I won't be going back bye bye!   I'll be going back to sushi mon there the best by far!
I'm dissapointed by this place for several reasons. First I was looking for a lunch place after just arriving at my hotel and the hostesses totally ignored me and continued to talk with each other, even after I went inside to look at the bar and then came back up to them. Needless to say I left.\n\n I went there again later that day but not by choice. It was my cousin's wedding reception and they had reserved it there, including open bar. We were about 20 minutes early and they wouldn't let us in even 5 minutes before 8, even though we had already paid for everything and were just looking for a place to sit down. So they made us wait until the very last minute. \n\nLastly, while the appetizers and drinks were ok, the main course unfortunately not. Several guests didn't even eat theirs and I only ate mine because I was so hungry. It was paella and it was way too greasy without any flavor.\n\nSo combination of bad service and food did them no favors.
GREAT local vibe & gorgeous view .. Had the tortellini, absolutely DELICIOUS. Service was wonderful. The GM Michael is awesome. He accommodated our huge party for a recent celebration and made our evening one to remember!! Our server Marco also exceeded our expectations. Overall, a great experience.
Arrived the afternoon of 7\/4 at approximately 1:00 p.m.  We drove right past this initially as it is sort of tucked in a corner of a strip mall, just across from Best Buy.  Restaurant was about half full and my wife and I were seated immediately.  The exterior is nice, but the inside is beautiful and comfortable. Just the right amount of open space with dimmed lighting made for a nice lunch.  Lots outside dining options were available as well.  The manager, I presume, was very active in the restaurant in personally bringing our food to our table, and in wishing us a good day on our departure.  Our waiter was also very good.\n\nI had the blue cod fish sandwich and fries.  My wife chose the grilled chicken sandwich and a salad.  We also split a bowl of baked potato soup.  My fries had a good texture, but I thought they had an old oil flavor.  My fish sandwich was good, but not great. I did finish the entire sandwich - which was quite large - but wasn't blown away.  To be fair I am very picky and did not get many condiments on my sandwich.  The baked potato soup, however, was very good.  Don't even get me started on the fresh bread with sweet cream butter.  I was told that Breadsmith in Lakewood makes this for Rosewood Grill daily.  This bread was the highlight of the meal - it's that good.  My wife's chicken sandwich was very good, but she did not care for the salad.  She also loved the baked potato soup and bread.  \n\nWe did not feel very good after eating here, but I SUSPECT (not sure) this was due to one of two things:  1) I'm thinking maybe there is bacon grease in the baked potato soup.  I can be sensitive to pork and so is my wife.  A little bacon in the soup shouldn't have caused a problem, so bacon grease in the soup might have been the issue.  No problem with the food - I think this was just something with me and my wife.  2) Maybe this establishment uses cooking oil with trans-fat?  Once again, this is something we are sensitive to and it would be more of problem with us, and not the restaurant.    \n\nSo I would give the food a 3\/5, the service 5\/5, and the atmosphere a 5\/5.  I would definitely give Rosewood Grill another try.
Atmosphere was great.. Worth admission costs for seating, sound, etc. But parking and traffic is horrible and 13 dollars for a beer.. 6 dollars for a bag of peanuts.. Way overpriced..
Paige has been doing my lashes from the start. I couldn't recommend her more. She is patient, knowledgable, accommodating, and my sets always turn out great. I have sent her other clients that rave too. She is in Primp & Tonic Hair Salon in Santa Monica now too where I have been getting my hair done with Christine for 5 years and just love that Paige is in such a great salon!
Great food, unique options, but kind of pricy for portion size. Always crowded, which is a testament to good food, but annoying to find a table.
I came just 20 minutes before the closing time.  Get to try new special pork belly sushi.  Not typical sushi that you would see in the "American sushi joint" but it's a great new dish. Well seasoned, and just enough for you to crave for more.  I had house soup made out of clear noodles, salmon sushi, hamachi sushi, spring roll and glass of wine.  Everything was good and fast.  Could be that I was coming at the end of the shift.  They didn't even tried to clear out the table to rush me out.  \n\nI had worked in the real Japanese run sushi place, I would have to say this place is very close to authentic as it can be.   The food from the kitchen in the typical Japanese is usually takes a lot longer than sushi, because most Japanese eat sushi first then kitchen food.  Which I understand why they were a bit slow than other Asian food. \n\nI'm considered myself an Asian food snob and this place has met my expectation for Sushi\n\nWill definitely be back!
Charming little Greek restaurant with great service!\n\nCame here for lunch on the wknd, and the owner was our server.\n\nOrdered the fixed price menu as well as a chicken souvlaki and the portion sizes were very generous and everything was well seasoned. I had the trio of dips for appetizer, tilapia for main and I couldn't decide which dessert to get, so the owner\/server gave us a taste of both!  \n\nThe chicken souvlaki was very big, to the extent where you're not able to just pick it up and eat it.  \n\nHad a great time here, and would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends.
Shake machine not working?  And no lids for small cups? Didn't they just open this place? \nAnnoying first visit. \nI'm writting as I sit in the drive through waiting for my food window is open and I can hear the manager saying goddammit and workers swearing.\nI rather drive a long way to a classier Rallys I waited so long for this one to open and I'm not happy. You need professional workers.
Had dinner here tonight and really enjoyed the selection of ingredients, the service and the value. You are able to select the soup base you would like, your dipping sauces and because we selected the seafood option - we got a platter of oysters, scallops, fish and mussels. You could order more if you would like for an additional $3 per peice. The atmosphere is a bit dated compared to the newer places but the food and service made up for it. I was even surprised that their air conditioning was cool enough when we entered which made the dining experience great. I've been to other restaurants where their ventilation was poor and it made me feel like I was dining in a sauna. Their lemon tea drink also reminded me of the ones in the vitasoy tetra packs and dinner also comes with dessert. We had their mango sago. All in all, a great hot pot place to check out!
Very delicious home style Indian food. Great Naan and Dosa. Really tasty soups and a whole selection of sweets. Tandoori chicken could be more crisp for my taste. We will be back.
I LOVE this place! My first time trying Port of Subs was a few weeks ago when my coworker insisted we go. I'm a customer for life! I haven't been to the other locations but I can't imagine better customer service. The crew who work the afternoon shift (two guys and a girl) provide excellent service. When I mentioned it was my first time, they seemed genuinely excited and proud of the product they put out. Whoever manages\/owns this franchise should be proud of the staff he\/she has working there! They deserve raises!
The owner and staff called me and resolved the situation, I'm still out some money from getting the tint redone because of a misunderstanding on their part and mine, but John assured me he will take care of the imperfections on the new set of tint they did. Thanks guys.
Delicious food at a great bargain! Their choices are not limited by what's on the menu, ask the chef and she'll tell you what she can whip up. The philly cheesesteak fries are prime example! Very customer service focused. A family owned small business worthy of patronage. Best onion rings Ive ever had! Don't sleep on the Silver State Diner!
Oh, Malaya Kitchen. How in the world have I passed by your doors for so long after dwelling, eating and shopping in and around the Arboretum for so long? Made it in after finding another restaurant was closed on a Sunday afternoon. Boy, oh boy, am I glad they were closed! These guys are on my culinary map for good. \n\nA quaint, low-lit dining room with a few tables, bench\/booth-ish seats and a full bar. We made it in around 1:30pm and were seated immediately. \n\nFor you soda drinkers, know that if you order a coke, you'll get a 12oz can with a cup of ice. Kind of a bummer, but I guess it's better that limit the intake to one per meal. \n\nWe started out with the Roti Telur. "Pancake" style app with egg, onions and peppers served with an incredible curry dipping sauce. There are a few potatoes in the curry sauce. Like little starch boats floating in a delicious stream of Malaysian happiness. That good. Each bite was perfect as it was drenched with the curry sauce and a little added sriracha. I saved the curry sauce for the rest of the meal!\n\nMy wife had the Stir Fried Okra and Belacan Sauce. Served with white or brown rice. The sauce was spicy and smoky. It had a hint of fruitiness. Kind of difficult to pinpoint but each bite was intriguing. The veggies were aplenty among the rice and sauce. \n\nI ordered the Char Kway Teow. Malaysian pan fried noodles with red onions and bean sprouts. I ordered it with chicken. WHOA. Smoky, tender noodles with so much chicken in each bite, I'd thought there wouldn't be any left for anyone else to order! I added the remaining curry sauce to my entire plate and couldn't have been happier. Whoever discovered this flavor profile deserves a Nobel Peace Prize. I cleaned my plate. \n\nOur server was so helpful and described each dish and how it was made. Very nice and so happy! \n\nThe prices are very, very fair for lunch. We ate for just over $20. Can't go wrong in that department. \n\nThanks, Malaya Kitchen. We'll be back soon and very soon. Cheers!
Service mediocre.  Food arrived cold and wasn't tasty. Totally overpriced for Mexican.
This was my second time here. India palace is clean and comfortable. Manny led us thru our meal. We started with onion pec pecora and garlic nan. We had lamb, vegetables and desert. Food was the most amazing in LAS VEGAS and Manny did not  disappoint with service. This is a must try.....a little behind the strip but must visit.
Overall the food was great and the sushi chefs were amazing... The server on the other hand looked as though she was bothered we were there...getting drinks was hard but my friends and I sat at the sushi bar...saved the experience!!! Thank you chefs!!!
BEAUTIFUL bar.  Very knowledgeable and efficient staff.  Great atmosphere.  Bartender was great and fun to watch make drinks. Good pours on happy hour drinks!  I'll be back!!
My friend and I got the Fujian Spa package and it was amazing! I got the salt rub first and then the message and scalp message. I loved how quiet the rooms were and the peaceful music that was played. When you get a spa treatment, you get access to the spa the entire day. There is a great infinity pool that overlooks club Liquid. There are also three hot spas with varying heat, a cedar sauna, and a eucalyptus steam sauna. They also offer fully equipped showers, makeup area, and snacks for your visit. This is one of the best spas that I have ever been to and I'll definitely be back!
Went here on my wife's recommendation as she used to go here when she worked in the area. This was several years ago so I don't know if anything has changed since then.\n\nI ordered the chicken korma, onion bhajji, curried cauliflower and potato and naan bread.\n\nI found the chicken korma very bland, the curried cauliflower and potato was 90% cauliflower but I didn't order it, just observing. The onion bhaji was good once I asked for the yogurt dip to go with it (my preference). The naan bread was fresh and tasty.\n\nService was good but there were only 2 other tables in the restaurant and one of them was friends of the owner or staff.\n\nI could definitely find better Indian food in the area, wouldn't go back.
I came here for a walk in appt the girl at the front desk was rude and very short with everyone. Thankfully I didn't have to wait too long. The man that did my nails was nice and professional. However toward the end he kept making some comments about how short my nails were and basically how he would try his best but that my nails wouldn't look very good. He missed parts of my nail completely and left parts totally colorless. I spent WAY too much money not to have my nails at least totally painted. $129 for two pedicures and a manicure? No thanks. Disappointing start to my vacation.
So I could not leave Montreal without bagels. A quick browse on Yelp and I knew where to head. \n\nOur hotel was in the downtown area, and Fairmount was a couple of km away. Luckily we had a car, as it may be a little far for tourists. \n\nYES it is the Montreal Bagel place you see on tv. I could not help but crane my neck over the heads in from of me in line to peer into the back where men were making bagels. A MASSIVE chunk of dough was slowly being snipped and the bits formed into bagels and set into a boiling bath. Once removed from the water, they were slung on a long plank, dusted with sesame seeds or seasonings and put into the oven. \n\n"Excuse me, can I have some all dressed." "yes one minute..." "How long til the All dressed come out of the oven?" "Madame, it will be two minutes."\n\n2 min later, me.. giggling with three dozen hot fresh bagels to eat on the five hour drive back to Toronto.\n\nTonnes of flavours available! We particularity enjoyed sesame and all dressed. Western cream cheese. They sell three varieties and smoked salmon! Plus the car smelled like bagels for days and my coworkers were all thrilled when I arrived bearing gifts. \n\nRead the back of the bags, the entire family story is on the back. The family brought the bagel to Montreal in 1919, and moved to the current location in 1949. \n\nDelicious! a must stop. Open 24\/7
Intrigued by the exterior (and my love for all Hispanic food) we decided to grab lunch here. What a fun, artsy atmosphere inside: I felt like I was back in Mexico! The food didn't disappoint starting with the thick house made salsa (I hate runny salsa) that had mild spice and great roasted tomato\/chipotle flavor to it. I got the Pozole soup which had great flavors and crisp veggies, just a mild spice to clear out the nostrils. My boyfriend had the chicken tacos; fresh flavors and the tortillas were AMAZING, great consistency.
I've been living in Las Vegas on and off for years and never thought about coming down to this place! On top of that I've stayed at The Mirage Hotel & Casino countless times! I decided to check things out today because on my most recent stay I was awarded a Platinum M Life Member letter that allowed for me to receive two complimentary passes! \n\nAdmission for this place will run you $22 for adults so needless to say I was exited to save $44 lol. The ticket line was fairly short and moved pretty fast! I couldn't complain about that at all! Once we got our tickets and got inside it was fairly slow not many guest were here and that ended up being a great thing because an attraction like this I just knew I'd be stumbling all over kids lol. Not the case! The dolphin attraction runs I believe every 30 minutes and I lucked out to get to enjoy one of the last shows of the day, Or lack their of. I was pretty underwhelmed by the show and the amount of "tricks" that the dolphins performed. For an additional I believe $25 per person you can enjoy the feeding the dolphins experience but don't quote me. Even that I just think wouldn't be worth it unless you have a child who really loves dolphins and would like to touch one. After the show there is a self guided tour you can do and we decided to head down a ramp that says it's an underwater experience with the dolphins! This was better than that show they put on to be honest. The dolphins did their own show and better than the ones the trainers put on for the crowd no lie they are smart!\n\nMoving along to the other animals, there is a separate entrance for the "secret garden" where you can go see the lions, tigers, cheetah and leopard. When you arrive you can opt for a picture to be taken, we politely declined and moved along the path to be greeted by two white male lions! Pretty cool and they just paced back and forth the entire time. Further down was the sleeping leopard up high on a rock who eventually woke up did a big yawn and back to sleep lol. Around the corner they have a white tiger who was intrigued by the people and kept us entertained. Next to him was a very pretty cheetah who like the other animals paced back and forth and people watched him. I really wonder if these animals are super bored and need more space.. just makes you think. After the cheetah we got to see a tiger and ended our self guided tour. Not sure why I expected a little bit more but it was an overall okay experience. Can't say I'd be back but if you have children it should be fun..
This place is really good. Quality Chinese food, with no MSG. Affordable, and delivery is pretty quick too.
This park is great, don't know why the negative reviews. We spent 5+ hours here today and my daughter did not want to leave. Bought the season passes since it's not that much more than one time admissions and we can come as often as we like. My daughter would  come everyday if it was up to her lol.  The park is not too big and we like it that way because wherever you sit, you are not too far from anything. The only thing that we had a problem with was with the teenagers working in the food outlet, they were just not working fast and did not really know what to do (need more training).\nMust wear water shoes and lots of suntan lotion (or you will definitely get sunburned). The park was really fun, will be going back at least once a week.\nGo early to get good seating with shades. Have Fun!
Locals rejoice!  Eastwind is back under the previous owner! Gone is the serve yourself counter, nasty 1-star food and terrible service!  They just reopened, the wait staff are a little inexperienced with the menu, but offered excellent service.  I had two hand rolls and yellowtail sashimi And they were all EXCELLENT!  The yakisoba was perfect, and the veggie udon with buckwheat noodles was very tasty!  We were regulars for years, but stopped going after the management changed.  We are glad to say we will be back soon!
My boyfriend and I go here often for games, accessories, and just to walk around. They have a great selection of all kinds of games from then to now. The employees are very down to earth and helpful. They are very knowledgable about their merchandise and all sorts of games. I really enjoy going to this specific location and will continue to buy games here.
The hubs & I had an impromptu dinner here on Sat night (our original dinner plans had been canceled).\n\nNo lines, no wait @ 7:30 pm - score!\n\nLoved the décor & ambiance.  It's not too stuffy, but elegant!\n\nWe both had the Chef's menu, which includes choices of a soup\/salad, appetizer, entrée, and dessert. \nWe each got different dishes so we could try different things:\n* Tomato Bisque\/Corn Chowder - loved my corn chowder, it comes with a fresh lobster, corn salad on the side\n* Mac 'n cheese bits\/Grilled artichoke - mac 'n cheese bites all the way!!!\n* Angus NY Strip\/Jidori Chicken Breast - both were delicious!  Entrees are FULL-SIZED, I was stuffed!\n* Ice cream sandwiches\/Donuts - I loved the donuts.  They were somewhat like beignets, with caramel\/chocolate dipping sauces.\n\nStaff are friendly, professional, and efficient.  I like that they don't come by after every dish to ask how you like it.  The food here stands on its own!\n\nThe best part - the Wynn comped our meal!!  \n\nWould definitely go back and pay for a meal here, it's worth it!
The first cleaning was good, a manager named Ben came down with two ladies. The ladies cleaned and then Ben made sure the house was cleaned. It was nice. The second time the ladies came without Ben again doing a fair job but not as good as the first time. Then the third time the ladies came out tried to rush through my house in two hours, my house is Thousand square feet there's no way to ladies can clean my house in two hours.my floors were dirty my kitchen counters were dirty my bathrooms are not clean thoroughly there was stuff on the toilet seats bathtubs you could see weren't washed out and it was large pieces of dirt everywhere all over the floor I am very disappointed and I wouldn't recommend your service to anyone.\nBefore the ladies left my house the third time they asked me to check the house before I could even finished checking the house and already packed up their stuff and started to leave when I told them that the floor was still dirty they didn't really do anything about it they just wiped off stuff and my foray while I told them there was crap all over my house still and instead of trying to communicate with people that probably barely understand what I'm saying I told him to leave.
Food is great but loud disco\/techno music at 6:00pm isn't.
We've hit up quite a few of the sushi restaurants in the area, and while we have found our favorite (Sushi @ the Lake) we are always up to trying new ones. I had gotten a deal to Kobe Hero through restaurants.com and we finally decided to head out and try it out last week. \n\nKobe Hero has an interesting interior, as it serves both sushi and hibachi. We told the host that we wanted sushi and they proceeded to walk us to a hibachi table and instructed us to join a random family. Not for nothing, but I didn't want to be eating sushi while having the hibachi smoke blow in my face while the chef shot a bottle of fake ketchup at me. We asked her if there was somewhere else we could eat, and the hostess led us to another room that contained the sushi bar, as well as several intimate booths and tables. If you're going for sushi definitely make sure they seat you here as opposed to the hibachi section.\n\nOne of the first things that caught our eyes was the drink menu. The drinks are pretty cheap, with things like martinis and other cocktails costing only $5. This wasn't just the nightly special...this is EVERY NIGHT! We never get cocktails out since beer and wine are generally cheaper, but with prices like this we treated ourselves. The missus got a nice flavored martini for a Lincoln and not only was it a pretty big drink, but it was strong as well. Don't let the price fool you...they don't skimp on the booze.\n\nFor an appetizer we ordered the edamame ($3.95) tuna tataki ($9.95) and the wasabi shumai ($7.95).The edamame was what you would expect from salted bean pods and were good. The wasabi shumai was a bit overpowering with the wasabi flavor and not the best I've had. The tuna tataki consisted of some seared tuna slices which was pretty darn tasty. \n\nFor the actual sushi we ordered the kiwi roll ($9.50), midori roll ($9.75) and the east sea roll ($11.00). I don't exactly remember all the features of each roll so I can't give comments on them individually. However, I do remember them being decent but none of the rolls were mind-blowing or exceptionally stood out. \n\nThe sushi and drink prices are great, which make Kobe a tempting visit. However, the quality just doesn't compare to some of the other sushi joints in the area that may charge a bit more but have better original rolls that go outside the box. Still, I'm sure that if we want a change from our usual sushi place this is one we will return to.
Hi all, I wrote a pretty detailed review on Mexico City's old Yelp page and you can see some of the older reviews there. The menu has a lot of the same items on it but they added a lot more plus changed their style of preparing some of the meals.\n\nThis place is the best Mexican in the city! I'll take the challenge and go anywhere in the city to try YOUR favorite dish at another spot if you think this place is not the best. \n\nHere's the old Mexico City reviews:\nhttp:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz\/mexico-city-pittsburgh
Exquisite!! \n\nOK first off. Don't expect your bill to be less than a $C note per person. You know you are in the right place by the Ferrari's in front. \n\nNow to the important part. Terra is the best fine dining experience you can find in Thornhill and maybe even in the GTA. Attention to detail is fantastic and the servers are very professional and courteous. They all are like that which tells me the management here is top notch. \n\nGo for the Ahi Tuna as an app. I have not found anywhere that comes even close. Also found the best tea here... Jasmine (mighty leaf) \n\nSpecial occasion, go to Terra!!
We had a last minute business lunch scramble and we needed food fast for at least 25 people.  What's the universal beloved food that it's to grab and go (no... beer is not food)... chicken!  I was intending to head over to Swiss Chalet (ack) since it was conveniently close to us, it's well known and liked by my work.  Someone suggested we try their absolute favourite place, Bairrada Churrasqueira Grill instead for the chicken.  I always love finding gems in the neighbourhood so with a quick call, we ordered 8 full sized chickens for us.\n\nThe restaurant is in a strip plaza (like 99% local Mississauga restaurants) and it's quite old looking from the outside.  Inside is filled with wood paneling and it's quite old school.  The scent of oil and grilled meats filled the air.  It smells great and I was thinking the recommendation was a great choice.  Ordering was pretty darn easy over the phone and when it came to pick up, the meat was ready to go.  Sadly... the staff wasn't.  We first walked in and no one greeted us.  It was completely empty.  We tried to find someone for a few minutes.  Finally someone walked out and asked us if we wanted to be seated.  We said we wanted to pick up our order and they went to the kitchen to get it.  I didn't time it but I swear we waited at least another 5 minutes.  A different person came out of the kitchen and asked what we wanted.  We told them that we were here for our pick up and that someone else went to get it.  They said that the meat was already done and they'll get it.  They went back to the kitchen to get it... feels like deja vu right?  At this point, we were probably standing in the restaurant for at least 10 minutes for an order that was already done.  \n\nFINALLY the chicken was brought out in a large aluminum platter and a large carton of sauce was given to us.  They must have overfilled it cause there was tons of red oil just leaking everywhere onto the platter from the styrofoam carton.  We wanted to head back quickly as people were waiting for food but I think the person must have had a memory lapse because it took them nearly 3 tries to get them to work the credit card machine.  \n\nWithin a good 15 minutes, we were back at the office and opening up the platter.  The chicken smell was that great rotisserie smell with a hint of citrus.  How did it taste?  It was more flavourful than Swiss Chalet with the citrus marinade or baste they had on it.  The skin was crispy with a paprika spice on it.  ... so why the 2 star review?  Chicken was kinda cold, it was really dry, and some of the chicken looked malnourished (maybe it was from being too dry?).  It was definitely on the small size.  The sauce they provided did end up going everywhere and it was 35% oil.  It was untouched as most people didn't want to douse their chicken with it.\n\nIt's a toss up ... good taste but overcooked and cold with the most confusing service I've had this month.  I wish I could say I would order from them again but sadly I can't.
Our friend was getting married next door at rainbow gardens and our bride was hungry. We called ahead to put in an order to make it easier for them. Our bride asked if we could do separate orders as we had to pay separate. I mean who carries cash on them anymore. So half way through the order we realized we added something extra. We tried figuring out what we needed to fix. The guy on the phone literally said "oh my god" in irritation over the phone and then put our bride on hold and then was given to Rebecca who was even more rude. She took the rest of the order. When we went to pick it up even more rudeness happened. She messed up the order and I requested an additional ceaser salad that they did not give us dressing for. We paid in cash for one order and we had to ask for our change. We did not tip due to her rudeness. We were shocked at how rude Rebecca was. I can't imagine how she works in customer service.
Holy Moly was this good!  The husband and I were excited to try this location out.  It's located just inside of Harrah's.  You have to take the elevator up to the second floor which brings you directly to the entrance of the restaurant.  \n\nThe dining area is huge.  If you are seated along the outside by the windows, they either face the strip or the Quad.  Makes for a good people watching place.   The hostess' were so friendly with helping us to our table.  Immediately we were greeted by our waiter Dominick.  Let me tell you that he was phenomenal!  When you address us by Mr. and Mrs. E the entire evening, that gets you extra props in my book!   He was polite and so attentive for our dining experience.  It was greatly appreciated!\n\nOn to our dinners~  Yum!  I had the Chilean Seabass topped with Crab and Lobster with Hollandaise.  If I wasn't so full from the delicious lobster bisque, I'd want more!  It was cooked to perfection.  The sea bass was light and perfect.  I wouldn't change one thing about it.  I also had the creamed spinach on the side which complimented the meal delightfully!  My husband had the petit filet with grilled shrimp.  Again, perfect! Of course I had a taste of it..  so tender and delicious! He had the potatoes au gratin on the side.  Yep, they were fabulous!  I don't know how many more adjectives I can use to describe how wonderful our meals were.\n\nOur evening here was so enjoyable and I can't wait to come back.  Thank you Dominick and Ruth's Chris!
Another day, another lunch date :)\n\nThis time the destination was Valvona & Crolla Vincaffe on Multrees Walk.\n\nMy friend and I walked in and as downstairs was busy, the waitress advised us to go upstairs instead. We were seated promptly and both of us chose the soup of the day which today happened to be tomato soup. Also ordered a basked of 'pane casalingo', which effectively was a few slices of white bread and a walnut bread. Nice enough. \n\nThe waitress was very friendly and told me all the daily specials they had on the menu - but it was soup time for me.\n\nTomato soup was lovely and creamy, with a dash of olive oil and basil on top. The soup came with more of the white soft bread. I devoured the whole plate in record time :)\n\nThis is a nice place to go for lunch,  good quality food and friendly waiting staff.
Not gonna lie, Loco Cantina was one of the most disappointing restaurant experiences I've had in a very long time. While the food runner was lovely, helpful woman, everything else, from our waitress to the food to the drinks, was awful. \n\n1. The waitress didn't know anything about Mexican food. When asked whether the barbacoa was authentic, she replied with, "I don't even know what that means. Compared to what?"\n\n2. Drinks. We ordered the happy hour margaritas, and the first round was very weak and tasted like soda water. We sent the drinks back, and the second round was VERY different - stronger, but too sweet and sour. I got a stomach ache from the strong mixer. \n\n3. The food. Three of us ordered the taco combination plates, while one of us ordered the shrimp fajitas. The shrimp fajitas were burn, with the onion and pepper almost inedible. The tacos were also disappointing - the shrimp tacos, for example, only came with ONE shrimp. The waitress said this is typical, but it seems outrageous for a taco to have one shrimp? Then, insult to injury, the rice and beans were severely under seasoned. \n\nAll in all, I wouldn't recommend this spot to my arch nemesis, much less bring a friend over. Move along, there's so much great food in Vegas, don't waste your time at Loco Cantina.
Dr. Tran is amazing!  I had a wisdom tooth extraction from him, both bottom teeth impacted.  He was calm and professional when administering my numbing shots which didn't hurt nearly as much as I expected.  Super fast extraction too, I thought it was gonna be at least 90 min and I was in and out of there in under an hour.  I needed some stitches which were done very fast as well.  Overall a great experience!!
So happy I found this Vape shop! I can definitely say this is going to be my go to. It's so close to my house! First off I wanted to say that Roxy is hands down the best! She is so sweet and attentive. She helped me pick out the perfect flavors, and educated me with all the questions I had. I recommend this shop to everyone!
As an avid boater who frequents all the lakes in this area, I am a little disappointed with Saguaro lake, and the Tonto National forest folks in general - The reason.....Trash!  Yes, I know this is not the "lake's fault", but it does degrade the scenery and overall "experience" of Saguaro lake as a whole.\n\nThe worst areas (in my opinion) are the areas that are accessable by boat only - The Bagley flat campground area is particularly nasty.  Many of the remote coves are litter-strewn as well.\n\nI have discussed my concerns with the Mesa Ranger District of the Tonto National Forest, and I have even gone so far as to volunteer to help clean up.  Unfortunately, I was told that  I could not go to the remote areas with my boat and clean-up - A liability issue?\n\nAnyway, it is a shame that areas of the lake are nasty - It is a bigger shame that apparently nothing can be done about it.\n\nThe restaurant is "average", parking at the lake can be horrible on the weekends, and since it is one of the closest lakes in the area, it can be inundated with crazy people.\n\nCanyon Lake is better, and Roosevelt Lake is MUCH better, but a bit of a drive.\n\nHappy Boating!
A lovely place ! The food is just excellent... The waitress was really kind and give us a lot of advices ! Try their haggis !
The one question you'll ask yourself: "Is it worth a (maximum) 2 hour wait?" and the verdict? NO!!! Its definitely over-hyped. Not worth trying!! Do not do it. \n\nYou can buy something SUPER similar at an asian bakery, or like T&T supermarket. Its this fluffy cake that you taste and you're kind of like "...i think i taste a hint of cheesecakeness" and THEN when you're done the cake, you're so unsatisfied. See, its not sweet, and its so airy its basically empty calories. As someone who loves her sweets for being sweet, it was not satisfying finishing a slice of this cake. Not sure what people mean by having "a rich flavour" almost no flavour man. Girl needs sweetness. \n\nBUT! On the other hand, their honey pastries things are quite delicious (madeleine!) its really yummy and taste like honey. But NOT worth a wait, at all. \n\nDont be fooled friends.
I only eat cheese enchilada only now. I can't eat the meat since the one that got busted with cats in the freezer so many years back.  Sorry morris for all those drunk nights of chow down.
I wish I had the option of giving Sensi a zero star review, but since that can't be done. This will be a reflection of a one star review. \n\nPros:\n- the ambiance and looks\/feel of the restaurant (although this can be completely deceiving)\n- the naan and dipping sauces in the beginning of the dinner \n\nCons:\n- the service. Our waiter was completely rude and neglectful. I ordered the crispy shrimp appetizer in the beginning to start off my meal. No where on the menu did it mention that this dish would be spicy. NO WHERE. The dish came and had four shrimps and on the shrimp were ginger and a slice of pepper. Knowing that I can't eat spicy food, I took OFF the ginger and the pepper.  But sure enough, it was spicy. So spicy that I had to spit out the food! The waiter came back to ask us how we were doing and I said that I didn't like the appetizer and it was too spicy. The waiter then proceeded to tell me that I probably shouldn't have ate the ginger and pepper with it and that was probably what made it spicy. I told him I didn't and he looks at me, smirked and took the plate away. \n\n-our food. I ordered the butter chicken with rice and my fiancé ordered the special of the night. A bone in steak. My food was bland and I didn't even eat 1\/4 of it while my fiancé liked his and ate most of it. And I took a few bites of his... \n\n-the service (again). Our waiter checked in on us  ONCE when our food came out and disappeared the rest of the evening. The busboy gave us more attention than our "waiter".  We had to ask the busboy for our check and it took 20 mins later to finally receive it. The "waiter" did not check in to offer us dessertts. It was my fiancé birthday and I made note of it when making reservations... I couldn't even order a dessert for  his birthday dinner. \n\n- aftermath. We went to  watch "O"  after our dinner. When we were leaving Bellagio, I started to feel ill.. I told my fiancé this and he said that maybe I  will feel better when we got back to our room. This did not happen. Infact, my fiancé woke up at 4AM ill as well. We were sick for the remainder of the night. \n\n\nI usually don't write reviews, but I was so upset with Sensi that I felt the need to disclose and forewarn others about my experience. I will never go back to Sensi and I will be following up with the food department of Nevada. I've never felt that sick in my life. And for them to ruin our dining experience and then our night? Wow... Spend your hard earn money elsewhere!!!
The good: Good taste, front area indoors is nice, great patio, the Guinness chocolate ball a must!\nThe bad: The menu is a single page of basically steaks and burgers (no sides included), all around 10-15 bux. Beer was pricy. Service was average. \nThe ugly: worth checking out at least once(don't confuse it with the rundown Red Stone bar down the street, yuck)
We found ourselves in desperate need of food after the Pagan Pride festival on Saturday, and in the area to pay a bill.\nI'll admit. We wanted to go to Tacos el Gordo, but it was WAY too busy, and we were WAY too hangry to wait.\n\nWe ordered:\n1 Al pastor taco\n1 chorizo taco\n1 carne asada taco \n1 shrimp torta.\n\nSo...the food was good.  Definitely not the best tacos I've had, that title still remains with Taco y Taco.  The chorizo was by far the best taco.  They are normal sized street tacos, and they are absolutely packed with meat, and toppings.  \nThe torta was awesome. COVERED in shrimp.  Most place will skimp and give you more salsa or toppings than shrimp, but this was perfection.\n\nThe reason for the 3 stars instead of 4 is honestly the fact that they upcharge for toppings.  \n\nTacos START at $3.50, and then you add 50 cents for each topping:  cheese, crema, and avocado.  $4.50 per taco for me is a little spendy.  Sorry.  It just is.  And they don't tell you about the upcharge.  They just ask what toppings you want, and then you see the extra 50 cents on your receipt.  \n\nService was strange.  The girl who rang us up was short with us.  Not overly rude, but definitely not friendly either.  \n\nSo...while the food was good, I probably won't come out here again.  I'd rather drive a bit further to Taco y Taco and get more for my money and better flavors.
I travel a lot and go to a lot of fine restaurants. This is by far the best celebrity chef restaurant I have eaten at in the past 3 years. The beef cheeks pierogis were good, and the pork chop over polenta was one of the tastiest and tenderest I have ever had. But the star of the meal was the brussel sprouts side the had a wonderful and complex flavor - I need that recipe! Expensive, but worth it. $160 for 2 with wine.
Received a flyer on my door for this place. The menu looked good and prices were fair. You can pick up a 1 topping large pizza for around $8 and they don't skimp on the cheese for that price either. The pepperoni tasted good and overall I was satisfied. Delivery area is limited but call to find out if they deliver to you. The guy who took the order and helped me inside was cool. I'm not a huge pizza fan however when my wife wants it from here I wont mind but I'll be interested in trying some wings and sandwiches in the future.
Fantastic bagels!  We have tried several bagel shops on this side of town when visiting family over the years, but this one tops them all.  We visited 3 times in the 5 days we were in town.  Even though we came at all hours of the morning, they were never out of any type of bagel.  Bagels are crisp on the outside, but light on the inside.  Flavored cream cheeses were also very good.  To top it off, the ice coffee is served with ice cubes made of coffee!  Your drink never get's watered down.\n\nFamily has lived in Charlotte for 20 years and after we brought them these, they have decided this is now their go to place.
We've been to the California Hula's locations and here once before. Food and service tonight was great. Tara, our server, was super friendly and took great care of us. We ordered apps (calamari and ceviche) and dinner (burger, jawaiian jerk pork, dukes luau) well as a shared dessert (yummy key lime pie) and coffee. Everything but the calamari was delicious. Really no complaints though. \n\nThe restaurant wasn't crowded which is too bad because the whole experience and he price\/value was good. \n\nDefinitely will be back and recommend it!!
Just moved into town and found this place for breakfast. Arriving at 9am, the line was going out the door. The service is incredible as everyone was very friendly and courteous. Menu is short and sweet, having all the right mix of sweets and savory. Trying the pick me up this time, but will definitely try others soon. We will definitely be a regular.
We went to Roy's for a special occasion dinner and started at their Aloha Hour. For $5 each, we got lobster pot stickers (3), Beef Skewers (3 single bites) with Kimchee Cucumber Salad. I had the 1988 with Grapefruit juice, pomegranate and lychee...YUM. My husband had a Mai Tai and wasn't overly thrilled with it. It was all yellow and not overly tasty (just pineappley). We each ordered a glass of wine to take with us for dinner ($5 vs. $15 on the dinner menu...getting it there was much more cost-effective). \n\nThe staff was very friendly. They surprisingly got very busy all at once, so there were some delays in service but we were in no rush so didn't mind. The seafood was very tasty. Portions are on the small side though. One item in my seafood sampler was not as it should have been (stuffed shrimp arrived empty!). The waiter asked the chef about it and tried to convince me it was really there but just on the outside which was irritating because it clearly wasn't. So, the chef gave me a blob of stuffing on the side. A little odd, but at least some effort was made to make it right. \n\nThe Chocolate souffle is certainly worth the $10.50 and 20 minute prep time. THE BEST. \n\nIf you want a little tropical getaway, it's a great place to go. Expect it to be a bit pricey (if not doing Aloha Hour) and portion sizes a little small, but the tastes are very large and worth it and they do make special occasions special!
So I am changing the status of this place to a 5 star ya it has tourists but if you do it right you can avoid tourist look just go early like 9am on a week day to go shooting and to take tests and you will avoid lines. I went back took my ccw shooting test with Bob may I remind you that this was my 3rd time every shooting scared to death Bob eased my fears stepped me through it and I ended up doing great better than I thought and passed 1st time trying a week later I purchased my gun and went and took my ccw class. I have read some of the reviews on the instructors of this class but I must say the husband and wife team that does this are amazing and idols at that. The class kept me on my toes , easy to follow and understand, My questions were answered and I even got to meet the owner himself of the Gun store how often do you get to meet the owner of a well established business not often I know cause I am one. The test was not hard but you you do half to pay attention in the class or you can miss key points to the test. Thank you Las Vegas Gun store not only am I satisfied but more aware & safe everywhere I go now.
You should definitely check this place out! The portions are really good and the rolls are really good! The fish was very fresh and good!! The environment is very nice too.
If I could give this place no stars I would.  This has to be one of the worst nail experiences I have ever had.  You would think what they lack in talent they make up for in customer service but that is not the case.  I went there to have my nails done since they are on my way home.  I told them many times I wanted the bio gel UV nails and after doing a clear coat of that she proceeded to put shellac on my nails, I asked her again and she said that it will last longer since there is gel underneath, so I went with it.  I got a black and red french manicure with gems on one finger and the grant total was $60.  I mentioned to the lady that the last time I did gel nails which I had on at the time (done somewhere else) they lasted me 5 weeks and she said these will last even longer.  Anyway 2 days later one nail chipped and then another and then by Monday the gems had fallen off.  I called them to complain and that I wanted a refund they said they don't do that and that the manager would call me back.  They did not and I had to call back and they asked me to come back in to have it redone so I reluctantly agreed.  I went back in on Tuesday to have them redone and the service I received was beyond AWFUL.  The lady who greeted me said that it was somehow my fault my nails had chipped and that she would only do a color and not the french or gems even though that is what I paid for.  I asked to speak to a manager and apparently there is never anyone there who is equipped to handle any customer issues.  Anyway she did an absolutely AWFUL job with my nails and practically painted my fingers in the process, I would have been able to do a better job on my own at home.  The whole time she  was RUDE and extremely unaccommodating.  I will NEVER go back to this place and I strongly suggest anyone considering to go here will go elsewhere.  I learnt my lesson and will stick to my regular nail salon in the future.  My advice to the owner give your employees a lesson in customer service and nail tech.  Also maybe be more available to talk to a disgruntled customer.
So I travel for work and I was staying at the Hilton Garden Inn down the street.  I got off work pretty late and wanted to have something to eat along with a beer or two. I saw some nearby Mexican spot but, I walked by and it didn't seem very welcoming or happening. I found this spot and thought I would just check it out. \n\nNow first appearances can be deceiving, the place seems kinda seedy and definitely divey. You can definitely tell that regulars are a staple here. \n\nI was crazy hungry and discovered they serve food until 1 am everyday... Kinda risky at a lot of places because kitchen staff usually falls off in quality around 11-12pm in most places that look like this. \n\nI ordered a BLT and I have to say it was pretty damn good for the time I ordered. Bacon was crispy and the tomatoes and lettuce didn't taste old. Soooo gooood! Definitely hit the spot.\n\nSuper surprised and glad I wandered in to here as it doesn't seem like there is too many options in this area around the late time I showed up. Next time I am in the area, I will definitely be back. Compliments to the kitchen and bar tenders for holding it down. You know its good when you hear a bar tender mention she watches Bar Rescue. Always looking to improve upon themselves!  ( I am personally a fan of the show, so I might be biased in that sense. ) \n\nKeep up the awesome work!
all of the food was mediocre, between passable, and ok, nothing good, or tasty\nmy friend blames this restaurant for making him sick
It's okay. I've been there twice and neither time left me all that impressed. The tacos were eh. The atmosphere was pretty cool. I wanted to like this place but it was just okay. But I can say that the service was good both times.
My gf brought me here a month ago for my bday.  We had the ice seafood rawbar as the maincourse which was excellent.  The ambience was quite nice and the view was decent, although something seems to be lacking for that "luxurious" feel.\n\nThe food was definitely spectacular.  The desert (i forgot the name, but it was some chocolate bar on a cutting board) was a nice finish to the delicious meal.
I finally found a place for this food that's excellent!!!! Staff friendly and service pretty quick. Been here a few times and it's always good.
Great grocery with hard to find products. This is an old school kinda place. Prices are reasonable, not great, but its worth it for the quality. I read the 2 and 1 star reviews and they're absurd. Everyone here is friendly, maybe they're just not familiar with Italian hospitality.
Cool location right in the center of the forum shops next to a nice reproduction of the Treviso fountain.   Came here twice,  once for happy hour at the bar,  and once for dinner.   Got the fried calamari,  which wasn't bad,  and they give you a huge portion.   My husband got a spicy pasta with shrimp that was also OK.  Bread was yummy!  We both got nicely made cocktails.   Our waiter, Carlos, was very personable,  and a good waiter.
Nice atmosphere and good service. Fairly Americana menu. I had a spinach salad that was pretty good with a fairly decent savory dressing. Clean and family friendly of a decent size with a well appointed bar and sports viewing options. I would say this place is just fine, a safe bet, and should be a cherished spot for locals. I've seen a lot worse (Fairfield, OH) for the only decent dining option in a small town. I will be back and try more items to up this rating. I have no complaints about the experience we had here.
YES.  \n\nThis is exactly what I was hoping for.  Just cheesy enough, just beefy enough, just greasy enough, just awesome enough.  (got the cheesesteak if it wasn't obvious)\n\nNot mind-blowing, but that's kind of the goal, right?  Bread, wiz, steak and onions.  Exactly what the doctor ordered.  \n\nWould definitely eat here again.
This place was awesome when it was Cooper's! Great whole in the wall. Idk about big guys...
Best place to go for any legal things you need the staff is also very friendly and take care of you always keep you updated and way cheaper than hiring a lawyer go see them
In August, I was walking with my mom down Marquette to one of my favourite brunch spots, Maison Publique. Before we could see into the full-length window beside the bar, someone in an apron stepped out of the window in front of us. He waved and began picking herbs from the small garden under a tree growing out of the sidewalk. Chef Derek Dammann came into view behind the bar and greeted me with such warmth I was convinced he recognized me from my frequent visits. I introduced him to my mom.\n\nThe food here is fearlessly rich - they grill their Croque-monsieur in maple syrup. I find most restaurants are too timid with their hollandaise, but Maison Publique's smoked salmon benny has a bright, lemony flavour. The decor of dark wood and brass trimmings creates the feeling of dining on an expensive yacht, many decades in the past.
Oh yes.  Very delicious canolis and desserts!  Don't hesitate and grab your partner and go enjoy!
Had to ask for bread which didn't arrive until I was half done with my meal.\nRed pepper flakes never showed up.\nI ordered Cauliflower soup and a tofu on vegetable stir fry. Soup was great. Entree was meh. Tofu was almost tasteless. There are many better ways to use tofu. Food takes forever to show up. Bread pudding was chewy. They did discount my bill without me saying anything. Thumbs up to the manager.
Cheap buffet, but doesn't have a big variety of food. The food is very good although it is very Americanized. This place has been around for many years and if you're craving cheap food this is one of the best places in the area! I do think they need to switch out the food some more, sometimes there tends to be cold food laying around or dishes that are finished and are not replaced quickly enough, specially for lunch. Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant! It won't let you down!
Rien de moins qu'un 5 étoiles pour notre sublime soirée aux 400 coups! Ça faisait déjà plusieurs années que je voulais m'y rendre pour mon anniversaire, mais sans succès (il faut réserver beaucoup d'avance pour 6-8 personnes un samedi soir!). Cette année, mon copain m'y a emmenée en amoureux le jour même de ma fête, un mercredi (beaucoup plus facile d'avoir une table dans ce contexte!). J'avais de très grandes attentes envers ce resto et je n'ai pas été déçue. En arrivant, nous avons été accompagnés jusqu'à notre jolie table près de la fenêtre. L'équipe était au courant que c'était mon anniversaire alors cette petite attention m'a fait plaisir. Nous avons débuté avec un apéritif: Aperol Spritz pour moi et Le Capitaine pour mon copain. Les 2 cocktails ont parti la soirée du bon pied. Niveau bouffe, nous avons eu beaucoup de difficulté à faire des choix puisque tout avait l'air bon et que j'avais lu sur Yelp des commentaires extrêmement positifs sur chacun d'eux. Tout en regardant le menu, j'ai demandé un amuse-bouche à la serveuse: une huître garnie de pommes vertes et d'autres ingrédients qui ont fait de cette bouchée un véritable délice. Les gourmands que nous sommes avons finalement opté pour le partage de 3 entrées: la soupe à l'oignon, la mousse de foie et le tartare de veau. La soupe à l'oignon était tout simplement DÉLICIEUSE, le meilleur plat de la soirée. Ce n'est pas une soupe à l'oignon traditionnelle avec un bouillon, des croûtons et du fromage. C'est plutôt un genre de potage lisse tellement doux et savoureux et à la fois! Mon copain et moi nous entendons pour dire que c'est LE must. J'ai aussi beaucoup aimé la mousse de foie, servie avec un pain brioché très intéressant. La portion était généreuse pour une entrée, mais jamais trop pour une bonne fourchette comme moi. Le tartare de veau était savoureux et les ingrédients étaient bien balancés. Personnellement, je suis moins fervente des tartares de viande rouge, mais mon copain a beaucoup apprécié. Au niveau des plats principaux, je suis allée avec la joue de porc braisée. La viande était tendre et savoureuse et juste assez caramélisée dans sa sauce. Les accompagnements plus frais et légers venaient balancer les goûts dans l'assiette, je me suis régalée. Mon copain a pris le magret de canard. La viande en tant que telle était savoureuse, mais le fait qu'elle soit enrobée dans du choux nous a assez surpris pour ne pas être certains que ce soit un mix qui nous plaise réellement. Toutefois, dans l'ensemble, le plat était certainement réussi et nous avons une fois de plus vidé les assiettes. Pour accompagner les entrées et les plats, nous avons demandé conseil à la serveuse, qui nous a servi un très bon rouge. En guise de dessert, j'ai opté pour Rhubarbe, accompagné d'un vin dessert suggéré par la serveuse. Je n'ai absolument rien à dire sur l'accord, ni sur chacun des éléments séparément. Je me suis régalée. Mon copain a pris la tartelette chocolat et café. Il a apprécié les saveurs, mais ne s'attendait pas à une présentation déconstruite comme il a reçu. Le dessert en soi n'a aucunement la présentation d'une tartelette, mais tous les éléments y sont. Nous avons terminé la soirée avec des cafés et la serveuse m'a remis un petit gâteau à déguster un autre jour chez moi, pour mon anniversaire. Notre soirée aux 400 coups a été à la hauteur de mes attentes: La nourriture est excellente, les ingrédients sont savoureux et de qualité, le service est très bon et l'ambiance y est très agréable. Il nous en a coûté 345$ (taxes et pourboire généreux inclus) pour 2 cocktails, 1 bouteille de vin, 1 mise en bouche, 3 entrées, 2 plats principaux, 2 desserts, 1 vin dessert, 1 cognac et 1 espresso) et la soirée le valait largement. Je recommande les 400 coups sans hésiter et j'y retournerai certainement!
great pho . long wait , but you then that the food is fresh
Very easy transaction and excellent service. Communications were done through email and took delivery of item at the promised day and time. Will definitely order through them again.
Most of the time I go the food is great. Not over cooked. Just the right amount of sauce. I usually get the emerald chicken, and the jerked pork.  Friendly staff. Clean environment. But the last two times I went the chicken was dry like its been sitting to long. The pork had very little sause, and the rice was old and crunchy. The portions were smaller. The guy behind the counter was a bit rude, and the lobby was a mess. Hope this is not a new trend. I have been a loyal customer for years. Hope you guys shape back up. Hate to loose one of my favorite places to eat.
My bf and I come here when it's late or when we don't know what we want to eat. The food is good as well as the service. No matter what time of the day you come here... Staff is always friendly! it's inexpensive and one of the better places to eat when you're hungover at 3am!
Would choose this over "the other popular Mexican place"  any day although my 2nd choice in the Chambana area.
Update:\n\nI have never been so sick from eating a couple of bites of anything! Diarrhea and vomiting. My wife is sick as well. It was almost instant! That goes to show how bad their food really is!!!!\n\nUnbelievable! We were just here and their sushi has to be the worst I have ever had. Anything with crab in it no matter if it was spicy or not was bad. I have eaten sushi all over the country and never once have had anything this horrid. I am standing here with leyna and she is absolutely not accommodating. We left nearly everything on the table and get argued with by this woman. Be careful if you go here! Raw fish is already risky enough but add in old raw fish and it is a recipe for disaster! Honestly yelpers what were you thinking when you rated this place so high? Do they serve 10 day old fish all the time?
Always a great experience. To be honest though we can't typically afford going anytime except happy hour. I wish the menu was just a little bit more affordable. But I do love the saki bombs and the sushi! This place is almost always packed but that's a sign they are doing something right.
Service was absolutely terrible. Beef panang was very odd, the beef was served separate and was deep fried, repulsive, the curry sauce was delicious though. I will never go back.
Haven't been in a about 6 years and I don't know why. The food and service is a A++++. I had group of 8 guys for dinner and everyone was full and satisfied. 6 of us had to take take a to go box for our leftovers. We order 4 apps (2 calamari 2 bacon slice) 5 sides (onion rings,Brussels sprouts, mashed potatoes, lobster mac and cheese, and the wild mushrooms) and everything tasted great. The servers served us all the sides and made sure our steak was cooked to our preference. I mentioned to my friends that sometimes fine dining is alittle salty and the waitress overheard me say that and offered to cook me another steak. What SERVICE. But my Steak was cooked perfectly and tasted great. Will  be in rotation every time I come to Sin City. Thank you Del Frisco Las Vegas for a memorable dinner
This is a great neighborhood joint. Non-smoking!! And delicious fries. I wanted wings but less messy so I ordered the wrap with buffalo chicken - still messy, I should have ordered the salad. Hubs had wings and they were yummy!
Incredibly good and friendly service!! I was greeted by Chulie the server. I ordered the red pork curry to take out. Chulie suggested the dish as it was my first time eating here. I was offered water while I waited which is rare and exceeded my expectation for awesome customer service.\n\nThe food came out quick and it tasted delicious. The curry was the right amount of spicy and sweet. The vegetables tasted super fresh and the meat was tender and soft. Im a big fan of spicy and I can handle a lot, but this curry definitely pushed the limit which I was surprised yet addicted.\n\nAwesome place, I would definitely come back.
I visited Belk this past weekend and was not pleased with my experience. \n\nFirst of all I wanted to buy my mother some makeup for her birthday from the Estee Lauder counter. Both of the saleswomen were busy, so I waited a while and then swung by again. One of the women finally spoke to me, but didn't seem to understand my question (pretty simple- if I purchased the wrong shade, could my mother exchange it later for the right shade). She told me, "find out the color and come back". \n\nNext I stopped by the shoe department. They were having a good sale and were quite busy. One thing really put me off- there were no boxes of "footie" hose to be found anywhere! Sorry, but I don't want to buy a pair of shoes (even at a discount) if I don't feel comfortable trying them on. Footies are offered both for hygienic reasons and also so you can tell if shoes will fit properly when you're wearing hose- IMO they are not an "optional" offering for a shoe department! Also, salespeople were in really short supply considering they were having this big sale- nobody ever offered to help us at all! \n\nAfter that I went to the fine jewelry counter, looking for a graduation gift for my future-SIL. I was well pleased with the selection and the prices, but even though I told the saleswoman that I was buying a gift, she rang the earrings\/necklace up so that I didn't get a gift receipt. When I reminded her, she told me it was "too late" and that if I wanted to wait, she could have a manager come over, void the sale, and re-ring it so that I could have a gift receipt. I opted to wait, the manager came to void the sale, and she started ringing it up again. Unfortunately, she did it wrong AGAIN and I was still left with a normal receipt with the prices on it, NOT a gift receipt. She told me I could either wait for a manager again, or I could use "liquid paper" to white out the prices on my regular receipt. Her excuse was that she "didn't do a lot of gift receipts in fine jewelry"- so what?! \n\nI went back by the Estee Lauder counter and again the saleswoman was not helpful so I burned a few minutes trying on blue jeans. I found a pair I wanted to buy, but unfortunately they had been put on a 30% off shelf when they weren't actually on sale so I skipped that too. \n\nFinally I met up with my mom and we visited the Estee Lauder counter together. Surprise, surprise- the saleswomen not only had time for her, but offered her mini "samples" of two different colors of her foundation, and the promise that if she pre-ordered one color and decided she liked the other color better, she could swap it when she came in to pick it up. \n\nI'm not impressed with this Belk at all but apparently you will like it more if you appear to be a well-to-do woman in your 50's rather than a woman in your 20's with a kid in tow. Boooo.
This place is awesome!! Went here for a friends birthday and got bottle service. Drinks were strong and the music was pretty good. The security is friendly and helpful and even escorted us in and out of the bathroom. Every time my friend needed a lighted cig a security or hostess had a lighter ready for them.
I ate here for lunch this afternoon. And then again for Dinner. Enough said.\n\nAmazing staff. Amazing food. Amazing service. Top 5 most memorable places I've been to. Keep it up guys.
I booked a stay at the West Gate hotel for a conference I was attending and had a great time!\n\nThe suite was clean, had a lot of amenities, gorgeous furniture, and was very close to the conference headquarters.\n\nTravis, the manager, made sure I enjoyed my stay and was extremely friendly and polite to everyone I traveled with.\n\n5\/5 stars - thanks Travis!
The best ever!  I will go out of my way to get coffee at Lola's.  The Cappuccino was perfect and my friends brewed coffee was very good.  We had cookies too; they were very tasty.
Small portions, at least the take out is. Dine in was better, but could use more noodles. Broth is clear and clean, good flavor. Negative on limited veggies offered with pho and cash only. Nice clean restaurant.
Food was good as usual, and our waiter was a trainee. His trainer was Jerome, who was awesome!!! He made sure we were always taken care off while our waiter completed paperwork, while manning his tables as well!!!\n5 stars for Jerome
LOVE this salon.  They give great manis and pedis with wonderful massages (even while your mani is drying, bonus!).  They are fantastic and this is now my go-to nail salon after another favorite for over 10 years.  Thanks, Anne! :)
Their burritos are sodium bombs and everyone knows that, but the meat they use is decent quality for fast food, supposedly from naturally raised animals.\n\nChipotle is still an overall good value if you are dining on a budget-most items being under seven bucks, but regretfully, the portions at the campus location have recently decreased, along with a spike in prices. It used to be a great bargain now it's only so-so, and while I probably won't stop going there, I don't as often as I once did. \n\nThese minor complaints don't seem to bother others though, as I have noticed the line is continually out the door.
I've been in Arizona for a few weeks on business travel and my nails were starting to look horrible so I checked on Yelp and decided to stop by. After a short wait I was seen, I mentioned that I was on  a time restraint and my entire service was done in under an hour. Tracy did a great job and now I know when I'm back in Arizona I have somewhere to get my nails done.
I have had two photo facials at Neos in Chandler; I will have my third next month. WOW, it really works! I really saw results after my second one.  All of my dark spots and redness are almost gone and I couldn't be more pleased.  My skin wasn't bad but I am starting to see just how beautiful it can really be.  Melissa is AWESOME! She takes her time with you and is super nice.   I am excited for my third photo facial and my final results and would recommend the photo facials to anyone who is wondering if they really work because THEY DO!  I will be doing this again in years to come. Thank you Neos :)
I have been waiting to see her show since she first came out to vegas.  All I can say is that the show was not good. It was a waste of my time snd money.. If you want to see her, my advice is save your money and watch her lip sync and dance on you tube.. It's free.  The venue sucks. She did not put any effort into it.. Britney did not connect with her audience. I feel she doesnt appreciate her fans..  And I have always been a big fan of Britney. I don't think I can listen her music anymore.  So to make up for this mistake, my partner and I went to see Mariah Carey the next day, she was amazing. Thanks you Mimi
Outstanding customer service, knowledge, and management. From the simple to the complex, Wells Fargo has the expertise. Don't waste your time with other banks. Even though large, Wells Fargo feels like a community bank.
J'ai l'impression qu aucune des personnes qui ont émis un avis super positif sur "la poule mouillee" n' ont été vraiment au Portugal ou du moins goûté des plats authentiques portugais. J y etais aujourd'hui avec ma petite amie portugaise qui a été scandalisée tout comme moi. La seule chose vraiment portugaise dans ce Resto c est la quantité! Oui la cuisine portugaise est généreuse! Mais mis à part Ca rien ne ressemble au "frango churrasco" du Portugal! Sauce piri piri trop abondante, normalement on ne fait q passer un pinceau avec la sauce sur la viande.. Le poulet ne nage pas dans une sauce orangeâtre... Deuxièmement ce choruriço a très peu de ressemblance avec le vrai chouriço du Portugal et pour finir, sur ce qui est pourtant généralement le plus simple à réaliser, les salades portugaises sont toujours assaisonnés au plus simple: cad huile d olive, sel et vinaigre de vin et non cette vinaigrette industrielle à la soit disant moutarde :-\/ En conclusion il y a de la quantité mais pas de qualité.
With all of the other veggie and vegan options in Montreal I just have a tough time getting excited about what's on offer at Le Commensal.  This is essentially a pay by weight buffet\/cafeteria and as such suffers from the freshness issue that it endemic to the delivery system.  \n\nLe Commensal gets a lot of extra love (in the stars department) because of choice.  Most veg-heads are frequently subjected to a rather frightening level of same-ness in available dining options.  The reason that love doesn't extend past two stars is that although there is variety, quite a bit of it tastes the same and I have yet to have experienced anything worthy of remembering well enough to include in - oh - let's say - a review?\n\nI'm at best a demi-vegetarian, but I regularly dine with vegans and am well versed in vegetarian and vegan cooking.  There are many vastly superior options in Montreal.  Please check out my list of Veggies goodness for a better alternative,
Holy crap! I just witnessed the lady scold a customer using a Groupon! The customer said she had an appt yesterday and left a message to change it, but no one answered or called her back. So LaVie wouldn't take her, saying that she is still considered canceled under 48 hours, which voids her Groupon. Then the lady told the customer how her no-show impedes business and makes other customers wait. She wouldn't stop scolding the customer, and agreed with the customer that yes, she should call Groupon to get her money back if she wants. Whoa, I will never come here again.
Extremely friendly service, nice sized portions and delicious food.  Setting is very pleasant.  The falafel was delicious and melted in our mouths. The chicken and lamb were tender and flavorful.
Small boutique with personal service. Stylist took me even though she had two other appts coming in. She was very friendly and personable, took the time to socialize while doing my hair. Able to match color I got at a different salon. I have curly hair and am very picky with who does my hair. She cut my hair as I requested and gave suggestions to fit my hair type. I would definitely come back again. Only downfall is the debit card machine was not working properly. I had to go get money from the ATM, but she was very accommodating with this.
I've been here a couple of times, and always enjoyed my meal. The big selection of pizza is good, although I would have to say that it is not hot enough for my liking. The pizzas come out warm on a cold dish which causes it to get cold after about 10 mins. I have already asked them to re-heat my pizza, but turns out it didn't change much. This is the only negative aspect of the restaurant, otherwise, I've always enjoyed myself here.
Came in to try the wings here after hearing good things about this place.. Safe to say they definately came through. Wings were nice and crispy, hot! Customer service was good as well, and spot was pretty clean. It's worth checking out for yourself.
We really enjoyed our tour. I think for the most part it makes you realize how lucky we are and how bad it could be. We were there this past July during the UK's heat wave and there were so many people around but we walked in off the street for our tour. There was only my husband and I, and four other tourists and we didn't even think about pre-booking and only waited about 15 minutes. Our guide was pretty good except I can't remember his name and I liked that they're dressed in period clothes. Watching the screens with all the different characters was nice and the ghost stories were good if your into that. I really enjoyed how they have different scenes in some of the rooms and it really made an impact on me. It's definitely worth it and I enjoyed the gift shop!
I had the Kobe Burger, it was great! juicy and flavorful. Went there with my daughter at a spur of the moment, service was a little slow at times but it was a good  experience and will return to start trying the rest of the menu. definitely try the zucchini fries they were delicious!
Very small portions... Very limited choice...Totally disappointing.. And then guess what! It was my husbands birthday and I told them about it. Waitress said she will make sure she will do some thing special!! She brought the dessert menu and I chose peanut cake... Guess what she had for him!!! An "edible Happy Birthday plaque" on top of the peanut cake I had ordered. \nAnd I thought to my self, well, may be its their policy not to do any thing... But when she brought the check..\nOMG.. Reallyy?!?!\nThe last item on check was: "B-day plate .. 0.00$"\nAnd the waitress said its for the edible plaque!! I was wordless!!
How else will you spend a romantic date after the movies than to come here? As a couple? Just the two of us, right?\n\nYep!! haha it really was a random decision -and $23 for two people.\n\nThere are in total 18 holes, all involve lots of obstacles and turns. Very beginner-like (nothing fancy like windmills!) but very fun on a Sunday why-isn't-it-summer-yet-but-there-is-sunshine afternoon.\n\nSome notes:\n- The golf club is extremely short. \n- Glow in the dark\n- Your white bra under your non-glowing off-white shirt will shine through\n- If you are slow, the people from earlier holes will catch up to you.... \n- You get a coupon after your game, buy one get one free admin for the next time.\n- We only spent one hour here.\n\nNotes on the obstacles:\n- Those STARS on the floor are the worst!! You hit the inner corner and your ball goes back to where it started!\n- Creativeness on hole #8 or 16? -I forgot... the one where you start on the top floor, and end up on ground floor! \n- Our ball got stuck under the cat's nose, hole #13?\n\nOVERALL\n- YES, GO!!!
My family and I visited this Outback Location for dinner. The inside is like any other location and was clean. The hostess was very friendly and and pointed out there was self serve water while we waited. We had reservation and was seated a bit before our actual time which was nice. Our waitress was a bit over the top. She was trying way to hard to be friendly and prompted that she pretty much was like a fly that wouldn't leave. She took our drink order and then as soon as she placed our drinks asked what we wanted for our meals. We kindly said we needed a few more minutes to decide. I kid you not, she walked about 10 feet from us turned around and asked we where ready. This is how the whole night went.. She would not stop asking us if things where alright, if we needed anything and so on.. I mean yeah its nice not to have to want but there is a limit.. But in turn we never had to ask for any refills on our drinks. \n\n    Now our meals, they came out promptly and hot. But the portions have reduced a lot. Almost to the point I would say half the size as I remember them being. I ordered the chicken breast and all you can eat shrimp. The breast was a filet and still looked like it come off a Cornish game hen. As I looked around at everyone's plates it was pretty much the same story. I know cost of food goes up, but come on do not raise the prices and cut the size too.. i felt like I was in a old Wendy's commercial ( where's the beef ). The all you can eat shrimp helped my shock over the prices but the shrimp was buffet quality at best, and a bit tough. \n\n   Over all it was an ok dinner but i will not be running back anytime soon..
I've been to Touch of Thai twice now and ordered the Sweet & Sour dish with crispy chicken and both times was super impressed. The sauce is REALLY good and the portion is well sized. I also tried the fried rice with tofu this time and was in absolute heaven!\n\nThe decor isn't too great, kind of just plain and the bathroom wasn't very impressive, but the quality of food and extremely friendly staff make this a 4 star kind of place in my book. Our waiter was incredibly friendly and helpful in making recommendations. \n\nI will definitely continue to eat here when I'm looking for a Thai fix!!
We had gotten three quotes for a pool fence, and all three were quite similar, so price is not a factor in my rating.  The service, however, was excellent.  From the original salesperson, to the two fence installers, to the person who answers their phone -- all friendly, professional, helpful, not pushy at all.\nAbout a month after installation we noticed that our gate needed a slight adjustment.  They sent someone out the very next day and he fixed it right away without any issue\/fees\/etc.\nWe've had our fence for just about a year now and have been very pleased.
This location is my favourite in terms of food quality and taste. I get the shrimp and pan seared haddock naked burrito when I need something quick but tasty.
I didn't quite find out what the hype is about this place. That's why I went there, because quite "frankly" I don't like hot dogs, I just wanted to see if it was as good as everyone says. I love the build-your-own concept and all of the toppings sounded great. The hot dog just didn't taste quite right. I don't think there was anything wrong with it, but it did not taste right. I ate all of the toppings and left most of the dog and bun.  I also ordered tots, with pimento mac & cheese on top. The tots were great! Overly greasy, but that's how people like them, I guess? \nThe menu is self-explanatory. You pick which dog you want (all-beef or veggie), and select unlimited toppings, which include all kinds of sauces, meats, egg, veggies, pickled stuff, etc.  Same with tots or fries, you can top them with whatever you want. I loved the extra dipping sauces. \nThey have a great beer selection. I didn't order a drink, but they had several beers on tap too. And a huge bar. \nIts kind of a hole in the wall place, but its been updated and has somewhat of a trendy feel to it.   They do have a small parking lot across the road and some street parking nearby. \nThe price was right. $6 for a dog, $3.50 for tots\/fries, a couple extra dollars for select toppings on each.
As Thai food in Arizona goes, it's pretty good!  Clean and nice inside, friendly staff. We went on a Saturday evening and it wasn't very busy. \n\nFood was classic Thai, good sauces, everything was served hot with beautiful presentation.
If you had told me a week ago I would order, and enjoy, a $17 burrito I would have said you were nuts.  A $17 burrito!  $17!!!  \n\nBut, the strip has a way of warping your sense of value and hey the $17 burrito and a few beers kept me from the casinos for at least two hours so that probably saved me money.\n\nThere was nothing wrong with the food itself, our waitress kept the beers coming and they had the game on.  This place is INSANE at night but a fine place to hang your hat for a while during the afternoon, if you can stomach the prices.
Only been here once. Food was pretty good, prices were good, place was packed. My jerk chicken was a little too spicy for me, sides were good, I'll try something else next time.
Are you still energized at 6, 7, 8 am? This is the spot to be! \nThe only complaint I had is the fact we were with someone that had a table & had to wait forever for them to go verify that. \n\nThe club is house music - dub step in the front and hip hop in the back. \nThe sections are kind of small, but the crowd is good. They are pretty exclusive so you will have a lot of fun inside! \n\nMy friend a s I rotated between the two rooms and had sooo much fun I don't think we left until 10 or 11 am, can't remember we were having too much fun!
The concept is cool make your own pizza and it comes out within minutes. Add as much toppings as you want and POOF you have your own personal pizza.  OK... I'm just ok with it bc I've been to their competitors and I thought they would be different from pictures on FB which showed a line of draft beers... that was misleading. What kinda got me pissed was that I ordered a house salad and I asked for onions and the dude behind counter said rudely "no I can't put onions, you want croutons"  why the F can u not put onions? I asked .... rudely he states "because I can't".  Maybe he was having a bad day but no need to be like that. Anyway so service sucks and pizza was decent at best. What I did enjoy was the plethora of hot sauces. I always end my reviews with a saying... this time I'll pass on the saying
The view was nice but I would rather pay the $12 to just go to the view, 60$ for pasta is kinda harsh.
Everyone should be warned......Absolutely  everything at the Wynn is triple the cost of every other hotel in Vegas. The worst part about being charged so much for every little thing is the service and amenities do not at all justify the huge price tag. It's like Mr. Wynn built this massive hotel and your going to pay a premium for just stepping into it . There are lots of gorgeous hotels in Vegas that have amazing service, don't waste your money at the Wynn. To give you a idea the resort fees for internet access are normally an extra $20 a day, at the Wynn its $20 per day per device for the low end internet access. Also a very basic continental breakfast with coffee one small cup of juice and a muffin will cost you $60, oh yeah and they brought tap water. The rooms are ok but dated, the tv in the bathroom doesn't have a clear picture and looks like it's from the 90's, drapes did not work nor did half the lights.  We have stayed at nicer hotels for $75 a night with much better service. The Wynn says they cater to high end clientele, most people are "high end" because they manage their money wisely, and the Wynn is not a wise value at all.  We will never ever stay here again. There are many better choices in Vegas to have a very enjoyable stay.
Définitivement le meilleur restaurant pakistanais\/indien que j'aie jamais visité. Tout est frais et vibrant de couleur et de saveur! Mes meilleures découvertes par ordre de wow: le poisson entier, le poulet entier et le lamb karahi. OMG! Le naan est aussi plein de saveur, ainsi que leur sauce à la menthe. En accompagnement, un bon deal serait de prendre le chicken rice biryani, un riz frit aux morceaux de poulet, et un lassi, superbe smoothie yogourt et mangue. La salle n'est pas époustouflante, mais la bouffe est tellement bonne et le service est tellement courtois (à chaque fois que j'y vais, tous les serveurs sont super) que peu importe le décor de la salle, qui est d'ailleurs très propre. Love it!!!!
First off, the server was nice. He came back to us twice to apologize for how long we were waiting for our food. However, the kitchen needs to get their sh*t together. Came in here after romping around Mont Royal with a small group of friends and I regret not listening to the other reviews. I ordered the pulled pork poutine and BBQ pulled pork sandwich- if you couldn't tell, I really like pulled pork and it's really an item you can't do wrong. So to my surprise, it did come out wrong. The sandwich was dry and lacked any sauce. The fries weren't that good (I work in fast food basically so my bar for fries are low) and I would describe them as stale and left out for too long. Kinda like when you order Burger King fries and forget about them for a day. I understand the need for cost efficiency but for much how I'm charged and left waiting for my meal, do better. The poutine was ok. I wouldn't have been so bothered by the details of the food if we hadn't have waited 30 minutes. I got the blonde ale, which was at least good. Tried a friend's burger and it was average. This place isn't too special and I'd highly recommend checking out nearby restaurants.
My dog, Riley, is a total disaster of a dog. She's so pretty, but there's not much there in the way of smarts. But we love her!\n\nSo when she was bitten by a rattlesnake, I of course raced her here for treatment. The staff are extremely knowledgable, smart, friendly and forthcoming with information. They told me upfront that this was going to be expensive and all the different options. No beating around the bush, nothing vague or general, just to the point. It was great, totally got the hard part out of the way. \n\nShe was treated with kindness by people who obviously love animals. Yes, it was expensive, about $1700, but obviously completely worth it. \n\nSo remember when I said Riley isn't the smartest? Yeah, well two days after the rattler incident, she ate a bottle of midol. I again found myself back in the clinic. Most of the staff remembered her and treated me and her with the utmost in professionalism and concern. \n\nThat was another $650. (I love my dog.. i love my dog...I love my dog .. I keep reminding myself...).\n\nOy. Well anyway. I would reccommend this clinic to anyone with a pet in distress.
Love this place - the corn & flour chips along with amazing salsa are worth coming back for. And I can't get enough of their lobster street tacos. It's really nice to sit out on the patio and enjoy a beautiful Arizona evening while enjoying great food!
Permagrin... that's what my husband and I both had on our faces last night as we sat in awe at our two kids in their very first karate class.\n\nMaster Nick couldn't have been more personable with the kids as they were a bit shy when we entered his studio, but they opened up in due time and had a blast.\n\nI'm hoping this two week trial we signed up for is just the beginning of a future (or at least a couple of good years) of martial arts training.  I can see already how these classes will teach confidence, respect, fitness, and so much more... Looking forward to what is to come!
Went here for the first time and service was horrible. Prices and food is 5 star worthy but the young dude behind the counter looked pissed he had to stop what he was doing and take my money. On top of that just "what do you want" hands it off and nothing else. Went in planning on spending a lot of money and just got one thing. \n\nDJ tell your staff to cheer up a little. Went into 6 different shops in bloomfield today and this was the only place with bad customer service.
I will start off buy saying that we did do the $777 burger. It was very good, but I wouldn't order it again. It's so rich and heavy that I felt like I was going to pass out after devouring this monster. The Dom Rose was actually a nice pairing with all of the rich and heavy toppings on the burger. The French Dip Cheesesteak was very impressive. The Au jus served on the side was so awesome, that I asked for second serving, and I pretty much just drank the second cup. It's somewhat pricey, but the overall quality of the food and service was well worth the price, this is Vegas after all!!
Matthew was awesome. Great service! There was a wait because of the promotion but they were handling everything very well. Also the guy who greeted us. I feel bad because I can't remember his name. Shorter guy Asian dark hair. He was really awesome too! Thanks for getting us into a new plan with new phones!!!
I've driven past this truck many times and wondered if anyone actually eats there. I searched Mexican food in yelp and it popped up. I read the reviews, which were all good, so I ordered the chips and salsa, elote (corn on the cob with cheese and chili powder) and mini chimichangas.  Everything was so good. It's just as good as Maize but cheaper and you don't have to wait in long lines. They deliver too. I will definitely eat here again! Best authentic Mexican food in this area.
After dining at a few places last week in Vegas I wasn't too impressed with this place. The waiter was not on his game. We ordered wine to start. Never received it until we asked for it ,he never checked on us and we sat in front of our finished dinner plates for 20 min before they were removed. Ordered the sausage ravioli which was meh..ok. The caesar salad was huge, big enough for two. That was really good. Ordered the hazelnut soufflé which was very underdone ..it deflated immediately . For prices like that I expected to at least be treated much better than that. I will not recommend or return.
These guys call themselves a "Southwest" grill yet pulled all their stores out of AZ.
Love having a Rachel's Kitchen in the neighborhood.  Service is top-notch and you can't go wrong with their curry chicken salad or the scrambled eggs with tomato & basil for those rough mornings.  ;)
I judge Las Vegas buffets by one thing: do they serve prime rib, shrimp and crab?  If so, the buffet is in the higher echelon.\n\nAnd yes, the Paris buffet serves all of this and more.  It's a lavish display.\n\nThe service (drinks, napkins, clearing away plates) is a little slow.  The price is a little on the high side, but well worth it.
It was a decent experience at Cafe Gitana. I think the place was probably too packed or something, and so the service wasn't great. There was a LOT of waiting and I'm not sure they were on top of servicing the hookahs. We were having a great evening, so the fun didn't stop and we enjoyed it. :)
So being from Cali we have a certain expectation of Mexican food. However being where we are, we set our expectations accordingly. We ordered the dip trio, the guacamole was runny and wasn't so great, but other two were pretty good. We got a burrito, which was decent but it wasn't closed all the way so it made for messy eating, but we powered through it. We also had the mole, now that was excellent minus the fact that the chicken wasn't cooked in the sauce, it still was good. The 3rd dish was what they call an "enchilada" , flavor was good but not what we would consider an enchilada at all. The refried beans we had to order separate and I dare say they came from a can lol. At any rate the staff was nice and it's a cute place. It served it's purpose.
Great hotel. The beds\/pillows are very comfortable. The rooms are mostly quiet. Although for the week we were staying there, there were some construction issues causing random noises late at night. Very annoying! Bathrooms are a pretty good size as are the rooms. I stayed in two different rooms during my stay and born were equal. \n\nThe downstairs bar is very nice and there's also a cappuccino machine at the bar. Staff was all very friendly. We also used a media room and it s exactly what we needed. \n\nI especially enjoyed the private club on the 37th floor. Easy to use cappuccino machine, great selection of teas, fruit and cheese! \n\nThe hotel is very close to a lot of great restaurants and shopping. I was able to easily walk to many places. They also provide umbrellas at the front desk, which we needed a few times.
I'm a regular here because it's close to home.  \n\nThe food is okay.  It's your usual bar food, but they try and mix it up with seasonal menus.  We're often here for football games and also trivia nights.  It's a nice spot to watch a Packers or Badgers game since there were several big screens and tvs at nearly every viewing angle.  This place can be really busy during those times, but the waitstaff often does a good job of doing their best to find a seat to accommodate us.  \n\nThe bar selections leave something to be desired.  While they have a decent selection of beer, they don't have ginger beer.  Once I asked the bartender to make a hot toddy and she stared at me blankly.  I ultimately asked for the ingredients and made it myself.
My husband really wanted Indian food since we do not have a place in our town that serves it, so we read the reviews on Yelp and decided to give Taj Mahal a try.  Wow!! This place is amazing!  We were greeted by the owner as we walked in.  He was extremely personable and very welcoming.  We ordered the chicken tikka marsala and garlic naan.  The food was incredibly flavorful with just the right amount of spice.  After the meal, my husband said this was the best meal we have had on vacation, so far. If you like Indian food, I would highly recommend Taj Mahal.
This place got a complete 180 makeover from the last coffee joint. \n\nThe food is fabulous and the fresh squeezed orange juice is to die for! The Carmel latte with a dust of cinnamon on top is a must try.\n\nThe fresh squeezed orange juice perfect.  It is very smooth, sweet but not too sweet.
Decided to try this place out and compare it to one of my favorites "Rita's".  Walked in and couldn't believe how big the place was!  WOW, what's the rent around here?  Just like Rita's they offer Italian Ice and Custard\/Ice combos.  The flavors vary from day to day just like Rita's too.  Here's where they differ though...\n\nCheck out those prices!  YIKES!  Easily $1 more for everything here.  I guess you have to pay for all that space somehow!?  I had a small ice\/custard and it was $6!\n\nMy recommendation for the owner would be to downsize the building so you can afford to compete with Rita's.  They've got their business model figured out perfectly which is why they're popping up everywhere these days.
HORRIBLE bbt.  it taste EXTEMELY watered down.  got the buy one get one free special. 4.99$ for small and 5.99 for large.  The small is around the size of the grande in starbucks. the large looks to be a venti size.  all in all, would NOT go back again since the drinks taste like crap.  watered down, barely any flavour (worse then when you let your bbt sit in the fridge overnight and all the ice has melted).  we did not order any bubbles so have no comment on that.  they do however have magazines and a couple card games, uno, monopoly deal, sorry and life.  we went around 3 ish on sunday and there were a few ppl there. environment is nth special, just tables, two sets of booths and i think a set of single couches.  \n\nthis is a DO NOT recommend place for drinks. but maybe there is hope in their food and desserts.
I love it when there isn't a line. We were lucky today, drive up and were serviced right away.
This location is painfully slow, regardless of what is ordered, how much is ordered or what time you arrive. I have been in there while it's empty and still had a long wait for green tea and a water. Inside doesn't appear to be well kept either. The tables always have trash on them or are sticky. The bathroom is usually dirty as well.
Tried this place out the other day and I'm a big fan.  Not huge inside, so the seats probably fill up quickly.  We went around 6 on a Thursday evening and had to wait a bit to sit down, but there appears to be standing room tables to eat at as well.  Those might be really popular around 1am, if they're open that late. :-)  Cool vibe inside.  Beers and margaritas available, but not a huge selection....but that's ok.  This isn't really a drinking joint, by design I'd say.  Think food truck, without the truck (and I say that in the most positive way).\n\nStarted with some standard chips and salsa.  Chips were good, as was the basic pico salsa.  Nice and fresh.  Our table ordered up some tacos: chronic shrimp, shroomin', chorizo+beef, and steak.  Kids enjoyed the chorizo and steak tacos and asked for more, so the sausage must not have been TOO spicy.  I had the shrimp and shroomin.  Shrimp was great.  The sauce they were sauteed in was delish, and the toppings seemed really fresh and tasty.  I like the shroomin as well, but was less impressed.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but it could have used something besides just the standard sauteed white-cap shroom.  I guess I think when a dish centers around the shroom, throw some variety in there.  Just my 2¢.  The staff kept our variety of mexi-beers coming in a timely manner, even with the busy room.\n\nPay attention when ordering, as there are a lot of options, but many have a little upcharge.  Not a big deal but it will add up if you order lots of yellowfin tacos, for example.  I wasn't surprised by the bill, though.\n\nOverall, I love the joint.  It's like having a great food truck permanently in downtown Willoughby, and serves some delish casual food in a style that I think DTW lacked.  I'll be back!
This is my regular shop. I would definitely recommend it to anyone...I love that they take care of everything there. I always get  friendly, fast and affordable service. These guys are great!
I added some pics because I think Bullshooters expanded since they initially opened and it now looks like a killer pool hall straight out of a movie. Although from the front, it looks really small. But you walk in and see it extends way back with dozens of pool tables.\n\nBullshooters should get five stars because I've never seen them close early. They have a decent selection of draft beer and of course PBR in can or bottle. There's drink specials every day...plus happy hour in the afternoon and reverse happy hour 4 or 5 days of the week. Plus random specials like when the Dbacks play and stuff like that. 3 bucks should get you some kind of beer and enough left over for tip.\n\nNot sure what the food is like but this is one of the best bars, if not the best bar on 35th Ave. And easily the best pool hall in North\/Northwest Phoenix.
I have been to vegas  afew times at the Paris hotel, The golden nuget. The cosmopolitan. great hotels. felt safe. had an amazing time there.  I recently stayed at the Palms hotel and casino. My personal belongings were missing from the room.  I have never been rob before ever from a hotel room in my travels. I will never gto back there again. if you plan to stay there .I suggest you look your personal belongins in your suite case. Security claims they are not responsible for what goes missing  in youre room in the state of Nevada ! Marcela
My sister Cherry is alway on time and is professional. I have never had any issues with my hair stylist. #BlackOwned
James was great.  He came to my home gave us a fair estimate to replace and repair the grout in our shower. He came out a couple days later and did the work.  We are very satisfied with his work.  Nice guy and I enjoyed working with him.
Peepshow was an ok show.  I wouldn't have spent full price on a ticket (which I didn't) but I would have paid something.\n\nIt was a bit slow in the beginning and the plot was a bit dull but who needs plot in a topless show? My thoughts exactly. \n\nMy favorite was Ms. Pete's number.  When I was watching her, I realized that she was my favorite dancer from the now closed, Forty Deuce.  Either I have an eye for talent or half naked women.  LOL I also enjoyed the milkshake routine. I thought the "tub o milk" was used in a very smart way. \n\nHolly Madison's part was a joke.  She barely was in the show which was fine by me since I was never much of a fan.  However, I will give her credit for being able to get on stage and bare it all when all the other girls have amazing dancer bodies.
Nora serves up a pretty good chicken shawarma. They aren't exactly the most consistent but still a decent option if you want a filling, inexpensive meal!
A little hole in the wall that is a diamond in the rough. Last night we had a chicken burrito, beef burrito, and beef tostada with a drink for under $20. The service was quick, the staff was friendly (and a little sarcastic), and everything we ate couldn't have been better.\n\nIf you're looking for great Mexican food, go here. I will be returning and bringing anyone who visits me here as well!
My dear mother has been seen at the Tenaya clinic for general care. Now she has to have surgery and has waited over a month to have it performed. The day before surgery she was told that there was a "heart irregularity." In the days leading up to the scheduled surgery she has had literally dozens of tests. But, apparently they either never performed a stress test or an EEG prior to the surgery date.  I went with her to one appointment with Dr. Ang who wondered if my mom could touch her toes! And, she barely discussed the horrific rash my mother got as the result of the contrast dye when she had a CT scan. Finally she got around to discussing the 14 cm tumor and a referral for surgery.Since then my mother has had nothing but the run around having her jump hoop after hoop.  Caremore is a scam on older Americans. They bank on seniors dying rather than giving them appropriate, timely care.
I am surprised by all of the negative reviews. I feed my cats a raw food diet and this is the only place in Charlotte that sells the food that I like, not to mention that it is a few dollars less than every other place I've checked out. Trust me, I'm pretty sure I've been to them all.\n\nIn addition, this store has a great selection of natural and holistic supplements for cats, which is really hard to find. When my cat Taz was sick, my husband and I spent unspeakable amounts of money at the vet to try to get him better. In the end, it was the advice of this store and 3 holistic supplements that brought him back to health. \n\nI have never experienced the attitude that others have, either in person or over the phone. Everyone here has been nothing but helpful with questions and willing to special order products they do not normally carry in stock. I would recommend checking them out. I drive an hour round trip to go here.
New reclining leather seats are comfy and great for date night!  Much better than the previous seats!
I have been going to Serena, the owner and aesthetician of Zio for about 10 years.  I always leave feeling refreshed and relaxed, in addition to my skin feeling amazing.  Serena is an a experienced professional that can evaluate your skin needs and recommend the appropriate treatments.  She doesn't push anything more than you came for.  I love going to see her and would highly recommend a visit to anyone!!  (wish I went more often!!!)
Food is okay. Nice variety of foods and desserts. They have everything , traditional Asian cuisine, rice , noodles , chicken , fish , sushi , egg drop soup (which I love ) , cream puffs , jello , ice cream , etc. \n\nThey have a hibachi grill where you make your own dish ! Tasty
Great service! Good food & entertainment. We eat here a couple times a month, love the salmon & cream brûlée.
Probably the worst experience at a hotel in Vegas I've ever had.  All of the construction was completely annoying, but one of the dealers in particular was pretty much a racist, and decided to get in a racially-motivated political debate with me.  Completely inappropriate.  She also wouldn't stop complaining about how she's made minimum wage there for like 10 years, which says something about their judgement to employ someone like that for 10 years without firing them.  She also made me feel really guilty for dropping a few hundred dollars at the blackjack table instead of tipping her that money.  I wish I had someone to report her to, but they don't really seem to care.  I will never be staying at this hotel EVER again, and would never suggest that anyone else does either, especially with all of the competition on the strip.  You can do MUCH better.
Had been craving bagels and this place did not disappoint.\n\nAwesome soft chewy bagels.
Didn't have a great experience. The food was ehhh and our server didn't really didn't know what was happening. Asked how big the servings were her answered I really don't know, this is the first time we opened for brunch. I guess there was no stand up or he was late for the meeting. \n\nWith other options in the area definitely not coming back.
Did not like the small menu, not enough variety of food!  Way over priced for the quality of food. It is a different type of Mexican food than what I am traditionally used to.. I did not like that they charge for everything, even for rice and beans,also charged $4 for an extra taco for the kids plate!  Probably will not return..
I like this place. They have a HUGE menu, lots of TV's, and the service is fast and friendly.\n\nThey also have a 'skinny menu' where everything is under 550 calories. PERFECT.\n\nI got a grilled chicken and mango salad and it was amazing, been craving it since.  They also have a large selection of ice teas if you are into flavored tea!\n\nI have now been twice and plan to go again. It's casual like a Chili's or Fridays but with better food.
What not to love about The Plant Stand of Arizona?  I Have been coming here for years, since before they sold any retail to the public whatsoever.  Yes that's right, The Plant Stand only in recent years opened up to the public for retail sales.  They really do not need to, as they do just fine selling wholesale to the trades.  They have been nice enough to accept retail customers and even expanding their hours to be open on Saturday.  \n\nSo when you go here, as always, know where you are.  \n\nAs for service- the staff is friendly and quite helpful enough, for sure.  Do not expect butt kissing retail sales clerks.  Be happy you are in a wonderful, fun atmosphere with the healthiest, freshest plants you will find anywhere in Arizona.  Know that asking for a price list is how you shop.  Everything is marked with a code, if not priced.  Simply refer to your price list, just like if you were buying wholesale.  \n\nAcres and Acres of textures, sizes and choices.  Fun!!
Break away from boring strip breakfast and come over here.  This place is an absolute gem. You must try the Jamms French Toast.  I do not even like French Toast that much and this is good.  Sandy is among the best servers I have had.  I had not been there in 4 months and she remembered our names.  I promise I am not just saying that because Sandy's omelette is the best egg on the menu.  Cannot say enough about the pot of bread.  Try whatever the special is.  I have never gone wrong.  Worth the wait, but if you avoid weekends from 9:30-noon you should be fine.
This is, by far, my favorite haunted attraction in the Pittsburgh\/Philadelphia area!!! After you find the parking area, you are met with a white, bloody handed Halloween bus (Next stop! Demon House residence!). You aboard the decorated bus and take about a half mile ride to the haunted site. As you step down onto the pathway, you will find ghoulish scenes and creepy flickering lights lighting up the pathway. As you approach the ticket booth, you will find every inch of scenery painted with a spark of Halloween and spooky effects. The portable bathrooms are behind a wooden enclosure lined with skeletons. There is a really cool t-shirt booth (Beanies, hats, sweatshirts, t-shirts- $15) with white stencil images that they press onto black t-shirts. I purchased a t-shirt with a Jason mask and a t-shirt with Night of the Living Dead image. With the $39 Groupon I purchased my friend and I got in with VIP access and got $5 vouchers that we could use on concession items and the merchandise stand. There is an outdoor theater that plays horror films in which you can sip on your hot cider or coffee and watch the spooky classics. There are also a couple picnic tables you can sit down, talk and eat at. There is a skeleton water fountain, which is fun to sit on and take pictures by. There are also bonfires you can sit by and warm up with! I think it is wonderful that they have a speaker system in which your group number is verbally called out, so no line waiting for you! Woo hoo! It does not get much better than that! There is haunted pathway\/outdoor haunted attraction that you will partake in before you enter the actual Demon House, which feels like two haunted attractions in one! Take my word when I say, go now! You won't regret it! Oh, and take cash! You may have to pay a toll to get on Route 8!
The place is simply decorated, small and peaceful.  The food was fresh and delicious.  The service was great and everyone was really nice, even close to closing time.  I wanted to try a new Thai place and this one just happened to catch my eye.  Really glad!  I will definitely have to eat here again!
Good stuff.  I was in town for a couple days on business and decided to try SoHo.  My boss and I stopped in on a Tuesday to grab a bite to eat and have a drink or three.  I had the "SoHo chicken florentine" and my gluttenous superior ordered an entire chicken Alfredo pizza.  We both pigged out.  4 stars for so-so service.  Worth it, though.
Okay, yes it is gimmicky, touristy, and completely over the top, but it was fun and the burger was delicious!  I guess I could take or leave the fires cooked in lard, as far as I could tell they weren't really any better or worse than the peanut oil cooked fries at Five Guys, but I enjoyed them enough.  I didn't go for the milk shake with a stick of butter in it, that seemed gross, but I did enjoy some nice trashy PBR while I was there.  The only reason I'm not going to give five stars is because of the beer.  Cans only, and of the most trashy brands imaginable, which is of course keeping with the theme but I would have much enjoyed a good IPA or stout as opposed to Colt 45.
Great service! Charles recently sprayed our home and we are very pleased with the service he provided.  He not only sprays your home but suggests how to keep bugs out without having to consistently spray your home like other companies pressure you to do.  He doesn't want to waste your many like other companies and doesn't make you sign a contract either.  Go with his services and you won't be disappointed!
Cute little place tucked away in a small strip mall. Delicious ice cream and macaroons! Loved the "Netflix and chill" flavor. Definitely a new go-to place for a yummy dessert.
So I came here on my trip to Vegas because I heard someone raving about it and all of the reviews said it was good. Well that being said I was kind of disappointed. I don't really know what the fuss is about. They have people selling candy, CDs, flowers, a song form a mariachi and I felt bad for saying no but also felt a bit harassed. I am just trying to have a nice dinner with my husband, If I wanted any of those things I would go to the store or approach you. The place itself is nice inside, looks clean but the location is a bit sketch at night which is when we went. The night we went I guess the ATM's went down so they wanted to write down our card numbers and then do the transaction the next day. I hesitantly gave them my credit card because I did not want my husband my to use his debit card. That turned out ok but everything that experience overall was weird. Save your money or go somewhere else.
Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink):\n1 star:  Never again.\n2 stars:  Poor food, poor experience, extraordinary measures in order for me to come back.\n3 stars:  Average, nothing really special, nothing particularly bad.\n4 stars:  Very good, would definitely return.\n5 stars:  A favorite, one of the best.\n\nBeen here a few times, always liked it, this last time was the best and finally bumps it up to 5 stars.\n\nWe ordered marinated tendon, hot and spicy pig ears, an oxtail noodle soup, and a beef rib noodle soup.\n\nThe marinated tendon and spicy pig ears were both good.  Chewy, well-seasoned, no complaints.  The review mainly goes to what should be the star here - the noodles.\n\nSometimes the broth here can be a little salty.  Not today.  Clean, beefy taste, balanced, with herbal notes from cilantro.  The noodles were plentiful and perfectly cooked.  They were long, good chew, good thickness.  The meat in each of our bowls is kind of an afterthought.  You can order whatever meat you want and the broth and noodles are going to taste the same.  The meat is a welcome but unnecessary addition to this excellent bowl of noodle soup.  \n\nI also heartily recommend the noodles with XO sauce.  These are a fried noodle and the sauce is great.  Really delicious.  A little oily, but delicious.\n\nHand-pulled noodles are just superior in most ways to factory noodles, and the noodles here measure up to great pulled noodles in NYC and LA.
Stayed her a couple of nights while visiting some friends.  Liked it much more than other casino hotels I have been to.  Whereas most force you to walk through the smoky casino to get from one place to another, here, most of the hotel is separate, with a nice, airy atrium to walk through.  (That said, to get to the buffet and ice cream parlor, you do have to go to the casino, but there are several other food options off the atrium, from a simple food court, to a midrange barbecue, to a pricey steakhouse.)
Can not even believe how amazing this place is. We had a ramen that was a special - miso ramen. So good! Someone mentioned fatty broth, but I liked it because it was really rich and so full of flavour. My daughter had the chicken wings which were amazing and the beef tendon (kind of surprised her b\/c she wasn't expecting tendon but she ate it like a champ). The service was excellent also. We will be back without question.
I had $250 left on my WindTab and was gonna switch to a cheaper plan. Their rep offered a $100 promo if I have less than $150 on my WindTab. So I paid $100 to qualify on the spot. Guess what? The next bill came as $250, not only did they lie about the promo, I was penalized for switching the plan! Called the customer service over 10 times and wrote to the headquarters a month ago. All they did so far was to cut my service and forced me to pay. Luckily my contract ends in June. For those who are considering to sign with Wind, you may put up with the horrible signals for saving a few bucks per months, but may end up paying it all back one day if not more. Judging from the comments, I am sure I am not the only one. Never with them again!
My son and I drove up from Cincinnati to see the techno band Echos at the Agora. It was a blast! Friendly staff and lightning quick transitions between acts. The cafe had the best Cobb salad I've ever had, far and away!
Amanda is an amazing photographer. She got some of the best shots of our wedding. We were on top of a mountain and she captured the beauty of it perfectly. I am so happy with every photo she took. She was so sweet, and quick to respond to emails and phone calls and got the pictures back to us immediately. Thanks Amanda.
There was only one guy working here at about 1:30 pm on a Thursday - he was doing everything, taking orders, ringing people up, doing the cooking and restocking ingredients, with many glove changes in between, so be prepared to wait. After waiting in line for about 20 mins to place an order (with only about 4 people in front of us), we waited next door at the bar for another 20 mins to get our food.  When our dogs finally were ready - they were delicious, but to think this might be a quick bite and you would be mistaken.  I have the original dog and my hubby had the mutt dog, he said his was very spicy.\n\nI love the east coast hot dog buns we don't get here on the west coast. (nicely buttered and grilled)
Ehhh...the Charlotte Observer may be the best we have around town in the form of a newspaper, but I'm not a fan. While they do cover a wide variety of news much like any other newspaper in town, nothing really jumps out at me about it. I used to read it every morning when my parents got it, but now I only read the online edition. They just changed their online layout but it's still the same ole stuff each & every day. So the Charlotte Disturber will provide you with plenty of news, but nothing about the journalism that goes into it will astound you.
I'm a forever pizza lover. And after eating at BFF- I am hooked. The build your own concept is not a new one: Subway and Chipotle had the market for awhile but watch out, there is a new kid in town. \nOne tip- know your order before you get up the the counter. People are anxiously waiting in line and when you can't decide and take too long, it makes others (myself included) get a little hangry. \nThe first time ordering can be a bit intimidating, but you will quickly get the hang of it. They will walk you through the process.\nI love how quickly the pizza comes out and how crunchy, crisp, and thin the crust is. I call it a pizza cracker. There is a build your own option or a few a popular pizza combos. \nWe ordered 2 BYO and one drink and it was under 20$. I took a few slices home to eat for dinner. I left feeling satisfied but not overstuffed and greasy which is a good thing. \nI liked that there was an employee working the dining room. She cleared tables, wiped them down, and asked how we enjoyed our meal and if we needed anything. A nice extra touch.\n I would warn this place is LOUD so don't come here for an intimate date. There are tables outside but eating near all the cars in the parking lot is really not my idea of enjoyable. \nYay to a great pizza option in LV.\n* I would like to see all employees wearing hair nets under their hats. Also the hair needs to be pulled back under the hat- so many ladies had pieces of hair dangling out from underneath- too close to the pizzas and ingredients. :\/
This place is wonderful. Hard to find good Cajun food in the valley, really only this place and another that are worth the time. We stopped in last weekend after a family outing. I was referred to them, which is good because the location is a bit hard to find. I have driven past it dozens of times and not known it was there. It's tucked away behind a drug store and bank with no frontage.  So you have to look for it. We tried s little of everything. I had the gumbo and it was perfect and true to form for the picky of us. The only downside I could even call to mind was the catfish bites. A number of them had skin on them still, which is a no-no in my grandmothers kitchen. But they were still done right. Next time I will try the catfish poboy, we saw one come out that looked outstanding. One of the biggest criteria I have for Cajun is the red beans and rice...next time. Great food and nice folks. Stop in and give them a try.
Me and my daughters had a wonderful time there few weeks ago. Great atmosphere, very pleasant service all around, attentive cashier\/server named Ruby. Delicious food with affordable and reasonable prices. Even though the place is about chicken-chicken-chicken, the menu in whole seems very health conscious and with many options for vegetarians such as myself.We loved it and definitely coming back!!!
I think I have found my favorite place in Vegas!  This place offers everything...Great food, awesome bars, neat places to shop.  This place is perfect if you just want to waste a few hours walking around.  They have an awesome movie theater and even a Guitar Center to suite anyone's needs.  Id highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good bite to eat or to even get their shopping fix on.  Definitely a regular here.
Great experience! They always get us in for same day appointments and do exactly what we ask. Also their prices are very very reasonable compared to other places. They are also fairly good with the amount of time they take because I really don't want my pup staying in a cage for 5-6 hours.
Location! Location! Location! Tourist Trap!\n\nThis place thrives and still exists because of it's location to the harbor. There is really nothing to say about this place. Take the most average service, combine it with pre-frozen dishes, and add a dash of predictability and you have Watermark: the most generic forgettable pub\/restaurant.
Food is good, coffee is good, location is relatively easy to get to and park at...so why the 2 stars?\n\nThe service sucks a lot.  Started going to Coca a few years ago and the service staff used to be super nice.  I always expect a long wait, but they always made you feel welcome, so I didn't mind.  However, the past 3-4 times I've been there, the service has gone WAY downhill.  From the greeting to the service at the tables...wow.\n\n2nd to last time I went I was told "1 hour" for 3 people.  Stood around outside for a bit...got cold and went inside to buy a to-go coffee (which I've always been able to do before).  Was told by one of the servers that it was "discouraged" to get coffee before we sat down, so we can go get coffee down the street...in a condescending "why are you bothering me" tone.\n\nUm...you discourage people to buy coffee from you?\n\nLast time I went, another 1 hr wait for 2 people.  Came back 30mins later, and wanted to see how far we were on the list.  The server snatched up the list, and said "An hour from whenever I first told you" and walked away.\n\nNice.\n\nSo we went to Square Cafe instead in Regent Square...just as busy, just as many people...but far nicer and actually apologized for the 20min wait time.
Nothing particularly wrong with Ross. I buy nearly all of my clothes here. However, you need to be honest with yourself about what you're getting into. Ross is a place where people go to buy things at a very low price, which is why I go. You get exactly what you would expect from a low end department store. The patrons are generally not in any hurry. Making a quick trip to Ross is usually not in the cards.\n\nThat being said, the savings is worth it to me, and I will continue to shop there.
Great massage today from Linda! I love this place. It's a warm atmosphere with a great, relaxing ambiance. I also tried the infrared sauna for the first time before my massage (15 minutes) and it was great. Highly recommended.
Was craving for a Dutch Brother's coffee and remembered that this opened up nearby, so decided to give it a try.\n\nThe exterior and menu look similar to that of Dutch Brother's and sports two drive thrus going two different directions, which I thought was efficient. Let the cashier\/barista know it was my first time and if he could recommend me something based on my preferences in coffee. I ended up grabbing an Iced Talon which is an iced coffee drink with Hazelnut, Vanilla and Chocolate. Tasted it and was actually pleased with the drink, though definitely on the sweet side. If they make drinks like Dutch, it is safe to assume that the chocolate comes from chocolate milk. The drink was creamy, sweet and portion size is well for the price. However, after chugging down my drink I can say that the coffee lacks in caffeine which means my day was not as productive without my vice. For those with a sweet tooth, you'd probably love it here! Definitely sweet, but without the buzz.\n\nThe service is pretty similar to that of Dutch, drive-thru isn't too quick but gets going and the staff isn't overly chirpy (which can be a good thing when you're yet to be caffeinated). The guy who helped me was friendly and gave a good suggestion based on preferences and made my drink quickly. Prices here are the same as Dutch, do use Square for credit purchases and has a stamp card. \n\nPretty good drink this time around, but would like to try another drink to back up this review. You know, for science. From the high and low reviews on DE, perhaps they have an issue with consistency. Until next time!
Francais après\n\nThis is my favorite pizza in Montreal. This place is great for a lot of reason:\n1) There's ridiculous amount of different topping, like Rick V says in previous review: like 70 pizza.\n2) You can get out of there, tip included for 20$ \n3) The place is always packed and the service is still fast. on lunch hour if you actually have 45-60 minutes lunch and work within 5 minutes walk, you'll make it!\n4) Wooden-burning oven. \n\nFirst time I went there was with a group of collegue of 15-20 persons and within 75 minutes, we were all done! Pizza is the most delicious fast food on Planet Earth, I could die eating pizza 2-3 times a day for the rest of my live. Topping definition is infinite and therefore, we can make everything in a pizza and this place is a commitment to prove it! \n\nThe Calzonne are super great too\n\nC'est ma pizza favorite à Montréal. Cet endroit est superbe pour plusieurs raisons\n1) C'est qu'ils ont un nombre ridicule de garniture. Comme le review précédent le mentionne, plus de 70! \n2) Tu peux quitter le resto le ventre plein pour 20$ après tip.\n3) Ce resto est toujours remplis et malgré tout, le service est rapide. Durant l'heure du lunch, si vous avez 45-60 minutes et que vous êtes à 5 minutes du resto a pied, vous pouvez diner là sans revenir en retard au boulot.\n4) 3 mots: Four à bois. \n\nLa première fois que je suis allé là, nous étions un groupe de 15-20 collègues et en moins de 75 minutes, tout le monde était servis, avait mangé et payé. La rapidité et la qualité vont de paire pour moi. Ils ont définitivement une recette gagnante.  La pizza c'est, à mon avis, le meilleur fast food au monde. Je pourrais en manger 2-3 fois par jour jusqu'à la fin de mes jours juste à cause de l'infinis possibilité de garniture. Sans compté que ça peut contenir tous les groupes alimentaires en une bouchée! \n\nAh et ils ont des Calzone ridiculement bons!
I was really disappointed with how Staples handled a rebate for an item I purchased. I mentioned this to Melissa, the assistant manager, and without batting an eye, she made it right. I was impressed with her helpfulness and willingness to fix the problem. I had debated ever returning to Staples again and am now glad that I did.
Ordered the muffalata, bread was hard as a rock, had no flavor, which is amazing for something literally covered in marinated,chopped up olives. Boyfriend ordered the burger, it was burnt on one side. He ordered it medium rare....This place has got to go. Based on the other reviews, I think it should close down and be replaced.
PDQ in Concord, NC is a new and rapidly growing restaurant chain based off of a local gem in Cornelius, NC called "Tenders Fresh Food." Like the original, the food is phenomenal. PDQ does food the right way, you can immediately tell the quality from the first bite. The texture is splendid and the flavor of the fresh chicken to the daily homemade sauces is out of this world. It is truly amazing being able to watch this business take off right in my backyard and I wish them the best of luck!\n\nFor those who have never been, PDQ (And "Tenders" for that matter) does chicken, and that's about it. They do have one crispy turkey sandwich but the headliner here is the chicken. I still remember my first bite into chicken tenders from PDQ about a year and a half ago, all that I could think of was "WOW." You will have to try it for yourself. Their combos typically come with french fries that alone are worth a 20 mile trip to get.\n\nThe restaurant itself has a very modern and inviting feel to it. It can get a little loud inside but the buzz is all part of the PDQ vibe: Lively & Fun! In the dining area you will find a new Coke Freestyle machine that allows you to customize your drink to your liking. You like Grape Sprite? No Problem! Cherry Vanilla Dr. Pepper? They got it! My absolute favorite part of the building itself is a first for me in a restaurant: a hand washing station conveniently between the ordering station and drinks. It's great for when you don't need to use the restroom facilities (because who likes touching that dreaded restroom door handle) but still need clean hands. It struck me as a thoughtful yet common sense addition to any restaurant. Bravo PDQ!\n\nIf you take anything from this, remember this: Your visit to PDQ will be a unique experience. Superior Fresh food with fast and friendly service. See for yourself why PDQ has everything it takes to be a legendary restaurant!
meh. its cheap- but so are other hotels on the strip. the room was okay sized. the bed was super uncomfortable and the hotel lobby only ever had 1 person at a time so asking for something simple like a parking permit for your car takes 20 minutes. The casino is the size of a mini kids arcade and the bar is about the same. also, there was no bath mat provided! what the hell- isnt that a basic hotel essential. overall, it was cheap- but i wouldnt return.
Virkelig et hyggelig sted å sitte ned med vennegjengen og spise seg mett på de hinsides gode kakene! Sitronterten og pekanbrownie var mine favoritter!
Yes its clean and quiet but they ripped me off. On the door they had a sign that said 90mins for $28.00. 1 hour Reflexology and 30 mins ion detox. They did not do it that way. They put a bucket of warm water to soak my feet and then they disappeared. Then she comes back after 15 mins and then she does a little massage and then she did my feet and was done in an hour 10 mins and not 90 mins as promised. They cheated me 20mins. When I questioned her she said that was what they do. I had my watch so I timed it all. If anyone goes there make sue you are given the full 90mins and dont let them cheat you
We were here on a Monday night without a reservation for 8, luckily we got seated within 5 minutes, it was still early, near 6pm.  The hostess was friendly and nice.  We ordered ala carte for the 4 kids (not worth the money having kids doing the AYCE).  They enjoyed their favorite rolls.  The 4 adults ordered AYCE and it was delicious! The menu had more than just sushi, but beef steak (very petite and juicy, which was perfect), raw oysters, baked mussels, soft shell crabs, desserts, and more.  Our waitress, young Asian lady, was efficient; we did not need to flag her down; she always know when to come by our tables to take more orders.  We will definitely come back when we are in Vegas and we have recommended this place to our friends and families.
Called Glendale Appliance Masters to look at my Thermador stove.  Leo my service man was very helpful, prompt and helped with me my issue.\nAK
My husband and I were passing through from Cleveland.  This place had the greatest beer selection, fantastic service and awesome cheese curd.  I highly recommend this place!
I had a great experience here! I came in as a walk in on last Thursday morning and I only had to wait 10 mins before they could start my fill. Lisa did an amazing job! I am always worried that my fingers are going to get beat up cause they always tend to slip with the drill and cut my fingers but here that was NOT the case. They took very good care of me and my sensitive fingers, my nails look perfect, and even though its been a week they look like they were just done yesterday, no lifting by the edges or anything! As if my experience wasn't good enough, they even gave me a bottle of their mani\/pedi lotion as a gift when I left! I love that stuff! I most definitely will be coming back!! Perfect first visit!
I won't comment on the company, itself (which seems to be where most of the reviews for this branch have digressed), but this branch is definitely my favorite one in town. Working downtown, it's convenient, and the staff has always been really pleasant and helpful!\n\nIt's a more modern branch, as well, and I just found out today that you can actually do foreign currency exchange at this location! Someone mentioned that this branch can exchange 5 types of currency, but I've only done dollar to euro (they don't take coins, if you're going from euro to dollar, though). Pretty cool.\n\nOtherwise, the lines move pretty quickly and the layout is nice, open, and easy to navigate. If you're a PNC customer downtown, I highly recommend this branch!
1st  time at Extreme Sushi, was hesitant about Fusion restaurant Mexican-Japanese!!!! I was wrong, GREAT FOOD N BIG PORTIONS!!!  Coming back.....#hiddengem
visited on tuesday 29th march - using a groupon voucher - went early doors before heading to see Greg Davies at Royal Festival Hall (far superior to this experience) ... Arrived to a restaurant with just two other tables of people in it (to be fair it was only 5.30pm) but for some reason got stuck right next to another couple despite loads of empty seats - and the next couple half an hour later got put directly next to us...!\nThe starters (minestrone soup) and pizza garlic bread with tomato were ok... nothing flash, but edible at least. The mains however (nothing tricky - a parma ham pizza and a mushroom, ham and pepperoni pizza) were awful - bland, tasteless, undercooked and stodgy - the "ham" was reformed nonsense and the pepperoni full of fat... obviously the guy serving (looked like maybe the owner) spotted the vast leftovers on the plates - and asked "what was wrong" to which I discreetly pointed out the pizzas were undercooked and tasteless - his reaction... a shrug and wandering off to fetch us the bill. Interesting take on customer service.\n\n\n I'd thoroughly recommend going to any number of other far better eateries in Edinburgh - i'm reviewing at least two others after this that were outstanding - shame some continue to appal whilst those around shine brighter...\n\n\n And to top it off, the place was filthy.\n\n\n AVOID.
This place is not good at all! They didn't change the grill when needed and the brisket sauce tasted like water. The marinated pork is not appetizing. Also they ran out of brisket sauce!!! They could've made more!
While everyone else stands in line at DeLuca's, Pamela's, Primanti's, I am perfectly happy to step right into Cafe Raymond and have a delicious breakfast or lunch. The first time I stopped in here for a quick lunch and was intrigued by the veggie muffuletta. It came with portabella mushrooms as the "meat". Although it wasn't quite as good as the original, it was certainly tasty and a bit healthier. Since then I have been here several times for breakfast and lunch. Everything I have tried has been excellent and the service is always good. There is very clean restroom facilities in the basement for customers (a good find in the strip). As a matter of fact, the whole restaurant is clean and bright with a definite New Orleans vibe. There is always water with fresh lemon available as self-serve. The bread is homemade on site and so is the breakfast sausage. I really love this place!
Worst service I have ever had in an airport (twice). My first trip to this location was right after it opened so I chalked up the poor service to that. Today as I sit here at the bar, I waited 8 minutes to be asked if I wanted anything, all while three bar employees felt the need to clean the bar and drink their own drinks instead of asking me if I needed help. I asked for a glass of water to start. Again, all three girls went back to cleaning things and chatting, instead of actually getting me that glass of water and taking the rest of my order. Finally after I asked a girl if she was here to help me (after waiting another 5 minutes) she gave me a disgusted look as if I was bothering her. Nothing has changed, they must have the same incompetent person training everyone. I will absolutely never come back to another wahlburger no matter where it is.
Cafe Zupas is now one of my favorite places to go. Get the Try 2 Combo and you'll be so full and the food is so tasty. Plus the chocolate covered strawberry is a perfect touch at the end.
My boyfriend and I went here for dinner a few weeks ago after a happy hour. I work in East Liberty and have been wanting to try this place for a while. We arrived there around 8 on a Friday night and we were able to be seated right away. We had the choice of sitting at "bar" which overlooked wood fire cooking area. However, we opted for a high top table by a window. First of all, there were so many things on the menu that I wanted to try so I had a hard time deciding what to order. I went with the Buffalo Chicken Grilled Cheese and my boyfriend got the skillet pasta. Our food came out very quickly and it was so delicious! My grilled cheese had a kick from the buffalo sauce, but the chicken had that wood fire taste... Yum! We ordered the campfire smores for dessert. It came out in a little cast iron skillet. It had a layer of chocolate, then some Golden Grahams, and then all of that goodness was topped with roasted marshmallows! Amazing!! Finally, (because like I said, I couldn't decide on what I wanted!), I ordered the roasted corn dip to take home. I ate it the next day with the Parmesan pita chips and oh em gee.... It was delicious! I will definitely be back again! \n\nOn top of everything else, the staff is so friendly and accommodating! We had a very great experience overall!
I've never had bad experiences at this place until quite recently. My boyfriend and I went there for breakfast this week, ordered a sandwich, two lattes, and a muffin and we couldn't stop ranting about how bad the food was on the way home. The lattes had a terrible aftertaste and the muffin honestly tasted like something you'd get from 7-11. And it was a bizarre neon yellow color. Very unappetizing. We were mostly just frustrated because we've been coming to madhouse for years and have always enjoyed the food\/drinks. I always recalled the lattes being excellent and made with the actual tea bags instead of syrup. And the pastries being delicious and homemade. We both decided not to frequent madhouse anymore, especially after dropping 20 bucks for food we ended up throwing away when we got home.
What a great find! this place serves up great Austrian fare at a reasonable price, highly recommended!
We tried the ultimate wash and they did a very good job. We've been trying places around us for awhile and Classic Car wash has been the best for a good wash ( Not detail) that we tried so far. Loads of places to sit and wait while they clean the car. Both times they did a awesome
i recently moved into roncesvalles and i was struggling to find my go-to bar. sangria lounge definitely delivers with cheap drinks, great food with decent portions and the best music.\n\nfor winter, the owner made us some warm sangrias, with a delicious apricot sauce base and a hint of cinnamon served with shortbread cookies. it was lovely! as for bar snacks i'd definitely recommend their chicken quesadillas. make sure to say hi to the owner, she's very welcoming and would love to hear from you
I LOVE Brand X Custom T-Shifts - they help me come up with some of the most Spectacular T-Shirts for my boys birthdays with their personalized touch - its awesome when they have such a custom look for each of their birthday themes - no matte how crazy my theme is - they can come up with some fabulous look for my boys. I use them every year and I highly recommend them and their expertise and AH-Mazing designs.!!!!
Huge disappointment.\n\nFood wasn't great, I had fish and chips, the rest had wings.  Had to pay extra for blue cheese dip.  Was offered malt vinegar and to try super hot sauce, never came.  Just not worth it, too expensive and not tasty at all.
Mike is amazing. Come here for a good time & attentive service. You won't be disappointed. And if you are, that's your problem bra ;)
I thoroughly disliked this place. The attention upon clients it's bad, the order took so long that by the time they brought the food I wasn't hungry anymore. The order was taken around three times due to the waiter forgetting our order. It was loud and noisy and given that the review online said quintet I was surprised. They do not serve haggis anymore and that was the main reason I went to the restaurant. They do not have a big variety on the menu. And they told us that they stopped serving after six o'clock. We order a meat loaf burger and there were out of stock. I am not going back to this restaurant
This is a hip little spot with an incredible beer selection that is always changing. Great atmosphere with lots of TVs, always crowded (just the way I like it)!  For those of us who have business in the North Hills or live outside of the city, I thank my lucky stars for bars like this one. See you there!
We have eaten here many times and the food and service are always excellent. I wanted to give a shout out to Mandi & Jeff for taking such great care of us the other night. Great drinks. Great dessert. Ask Jeff for the panty dropper chocolate cake :)
What a lovely little chocolate shop! Cami was so helpful. We tasted a chocolate caramel and some "real" hot chocolate.. so rich and creamy! We bought a few gifts for friends. It's not cheap, but such high quality chocolate... it makes a great gift for the sweets lover in your life.
Excellent service, food, & wine. Loved the decor!\nDeliciousness on every meal, turkey meatball appetizer was awesome!
As other reviewers have stated, Penn Avenue Fish Company has the best fish in the city. Bearing that in mind, it is also some of the most expensive fish in the city. I go here for fish when I need something perfect or want something special or if I'm making sushi at home (never skimp for sushi.) \n\nThey also have a casual order-at-the-counter lunchtime business. Once again, the prices are higher than a normal "fast food" lunch option, but the quality is top-notch. I like the fish tacos - 2 tacos make a generous lunch for me.
I dig Taco del Mar. \n\nIt reminds me of a few of the burrito places I used to frequent in the Bay Area when I lived out there. They even have the option for Mojado Style (i favorito) which takes the finished burrito and soaks it in enchilada sauce and melts cheese on top. It's just as tasty as it sounds. \n\nIf you're on the run. it's easy to pick up a burrito to-go in foil and eat it while you drive. (Though, it might be a good idea to sport a napkin over any sensitive clothing items. I'm not good about this.)\n\nCheap burritos . . .  ain't nothin wrong with that!
This is a blast to run. I've done the Half each of the last 3 yrs, and the service & organization keeps getting better & better. It's a great course for a PR but there are lots of inexperienced runners who don't know etiquette and will slow you down at times. \n\nThe weather is USUALLY ideal for distance running: 50's to low 60's with not much of a breeze. Of course, I still have horrible flashbacks of 2012 when we had 75 degree temps and a 20mph constant headwind the last 5 miles. \n\nIf you are gung-ho on PR-ing, DON'T run here. The crowds and slow runners will drive you crazy. \n\nIf you want to give yourself a good shot at a PR, have an incredibly unique run, and run with or as an Elvis, this IS your race. I've been able to PR every year so far.\n\nAbout the price: it's high, but the swag is pretty good, the EXPO is top notch, & they have awesome volunteers. Plus, I got another free Tshirt this year by doing their "Virtual training run" a few months back.\n\nHope to see you there. And ALWAYS "embrace the suck" when you are feeling bad during those last few miles....
Today, I purchased my first NEW vehicle from Joe Sayegh at Chapman Chevy. Joe is knowledgeable, personable, and fun. If you're in the market come see Joe!!
This is now my new go to spot for Greek food. Hubby has been telling me about Taki's so we decided to go- sat outside on the patio which was surprisingly nice and secluded as the location is off of the parking lot but you never once felt like you were-it was really pretty out there. The inside looked great and cozy and I believe they had a beautiful fireplace in the middle too but we just walked straight out back and wasn't really paying much attention. Our waitress was attentive and the food was timed perfectly. We had the stuffed eggplant and dolmades for our app. Now as I am Lebanese and my hubby Egyptian, Mediterranean food is our life. The apps blew us away, so delicious and flavorful. They did bring out a basket of hummus and pita but honestly and I can say this, was nowhere near how I like my hummus and tasted like chickpeas only, no tahini and or seasoning but I'm Lebanese and our hummus pretty much takes the cake and I'm a snob about it. Moving on, I had the sea bass and he had the moussaka, again omg delicious! The moussaka could feed 4 people it was very large. My sea bass was perfectly prepared and beyond bursting with flavor. To end we had to get the Ekmek as it is one of my favorite desserts...fluffy custard, pistachios, whip cream, crunchy sweet syrup base-I die thinking of how amazing this was here, I actually haven't stopped thinking about it since we left...a week ago! It was so big which was a good thing because I couldn't get enough and unfortunately had to share with the hubby...great for my waistline I guess..but I'm already preparing for our next meal there it is now a favorite spot of ours. You definitely should go...seriously...go!
Loved this place! Clean atmosphere, great food, and friendly bartender! We went during the week (on a Wednesday) not crowded at all and quickly sat at the bar. Try the Mashed pizza! The BBQ Bison was good, I got it without mushrooms, and liked it! So yummy!
Trinity is awesome... I never felt so relaxed... It's one of the best message i had so far... Will recommend to everyone.
I made an appointment to go here over the weekend for a bridesmaid dress. The wedding is next month so it's very short notice, which I realize. When I arrived, I was shown where the bridesmaid dress section was. I was surprised on how small the selection was. Luckily in the end, I found 2 dresses that I did really like. After selecting the dresses that I wanted to try on, I went to the fitting room where they had misplaced my dresses already. They didn't go too far away but still, if you're reserving a room for me why would the dresses be moved? \n\nThe prices seemed okay. They ranged from $100-$139. The person that I had an appointment with wasn't very helpful. She didn't offer to get any other sizes for me or anything. I've had much better service at BCBGs at the outlet malls (I think they have the best customer service when it comes to clothing). Turned out some of the styles I selected to try on didn't even come in the color I needed. Ummm that would have been nice to know before I tried on 10 dresses.\n\nAfter deciding on the two styles I wanted I inquired about ordering them and if they'd be here in time. Turned out it wouldn't work out. I guess you need more than a month to have a dress shipped to the store. Really? \n\nWhen I went home I looked online and noticed that they had dresses that were online exclusive. The shipping times weren't bad either 8-11 business days. They are currently running a promotion for free shipping too. Why didn't the sales associates mention this? I told them that we weren't set on any styles and were pretty flexible. Funny too because one of the dresses I really liked can be ordered online too in my size and the correct color. When I asked her if it came in another shade of purple I needed she said probably not. Why wouldn't you look? And guess what, it is offered.\n\nSo it looks like I will be getting the dress I need as well as the rest of the bridal party. However, it was without the help of the staff and all through research of my own. I would not recommend using David's Bridal for bridesmaid dresses and will choose to go somewhere else in the future after this experience.
The suncoast is a great movie theater for 2 important reasons:\n\n1) the price is great.  Its even better on tuesdays where its $5 for any movie.\n2) they also show movies that are not named captain america and off the beaten path.  For example they had many of the nominated movies prior to oscar sunday...something thats very hard to find here in Vegas.\n\nThe movie theatre is located in the Suncoast Casino so be prepared to walk through a cloud of smoke in the casino to reach the movie theatre.  It also would benefit from a renovation with newer\/plusher seating and decor.  But I understand that better amenities = more expensive prices.  Another great feature is that its extremely easy to find a parking spot (versus red rock regal theatre).  No hassles, no frills, just a very solid theatre for locals!
This place has a Civil War era bar table and an impressive range of hard-to-find beers on tap.  The interior is very comfortable and laid back, like a brewery enthusiast's club house.  It makes for a great euchre location.  We visited on a Friday night and it wasn't crowded at all.  Plus, both the patrons and the publicans were courteous and not obnoxious.
2 stars\n\nOkay, so I moved into the area a few weeks ago and this place is just a stone's throw away so it was just a matter of time till I tried it.\n\nI don't know if I refuse to learn from my own mistakes or maybe I'm just a little thick. I should have listened to my fellow yelpers.\n\nIn a nutshell, very overpriced for what you get and service takes FOREVER!\n\nI pull up to the drive thru to order, Nobody was in line in front of me. Nobody appeared to be in the restaurant at all. I ordered a Mustang burger and a regular fries. No drink. This comes to 7.44. Ouch. At least kiss me first. Okay, lets see what this gets me.\n\nI pull forward, pay for items with my card, and wait. and wait. and wait. At about the 8 minute mark I thought somebody might possibly be out back killing the cow. Sheesh.  From the time I got my card back to the time they handed me the bag was 11 minutes. 11 minutes!! \n\nGranted, the girl did apologize for the wait(which she herself described as "forever"), but that whole scene was just rediculous. They get the extra star because the burger actually was good. Just not nearly good enough to justify that price or wait. The fries were very generic, like Jack in the Box fries. blah. You do get a heaping mess of them too(for 2.89)\n\nSorry, I wont be back at all. Just not worth the price or the wait. Not even close.
Did an okay job . I was happy with the full set and the price I paid for them.but once I got home they started to chip. And looks really uneven with the nails . They put over 4 coasts of polish on the nails it was to hide the rough parts of the nails since she didn't buff them out as well as she should of.  Giving two starts for the over all price of the services not the quality of the nails
I was told that their smoke meat fried rice is great. So I ordered one smoke meat fried rice and one smoke meat pizza. The smoke meat fried rice is ok, but I am impressed by the pizza. There are a lot of smoke meat on the pizza, it's so delicious. I will definitely go there next time and try other smoke meat dishes.
Currently my mouth has decided that I am a walking money tree and that I should give in great quantities at this time in my life. Dr. house was referred to me a few years ago. I went in to see her, got my xrays and startling news, that basically my entire mouth had to be overhauled. I think I was in such shock and disbelief that I neatly tucked it far far away in the depths of my dental mental  hell, hoping it wouldn't rear it's ugly head again. Well, that did not happen! That being said, let me give you a little of my dental hellistery, so you can fully comprehend how amazing Dr. House is and why you should call her your dentist!\n\nI started having dental work when I was 8 years old. Fillings, Root canals, crowns, etc. Not because I necessarily needed them, but because my parents were naive to a new young dentist just out of dental school who wanted a new house and fancy sports car, and wanted my parents to pay for it! I was his practice patient. ( I know this to my core) He did however do great (if not excruciatingly painful) work. It lasted me 30 years. I decided I wanted the amalgam \/ silver crown  fillings out of my mouth about 8 years ago. This was done and I had to also get 3 root canals redone at that time. I developed some autoimmune symptoms to say the least, but never correlated it with my "new" supposedly holistic dental work. Fast forward to this past Labor Day Weekend 2011. \n\nA crown cracks and splits in half as I am munching on my lunch. OMG! Holiday weekend what do I do? My SO and daughter both use Dr. House. He said call her, see what she says. Her office is 5 minutes from the house. Maybe?? Well, she not only returned me call, she met me there in 10 minutes. Mind you I am not a patient at this point. She was gracious and welcoming, although she was leaving on vacation within the hour with her husband and two kids. We get suited up, etc. in the chair....oh geez..here we go!\nI am looking in her eyes as she is looking inside this tooth and I see a look of, "OMG! WTH! and OH MY!", yet she says, "yes it's cracked, it's bad, and not only that, but  someone left packing gauze in your root canal 8 years ago. So, I got that out, sterilized it, put a temp on, calling in antibiotics and pain meds for you till I get back from my trip." Awesome and nerve racking! She never once said, " I told you so a few years ago", NOT ONCE! Dr. House just gave me a hug and said, "Let's just move forward." and we have. \n\nSince then, I have had 3 root canals ( referred out to  Dr. Axx), 2 extractions ( referred out to Dr.  Sabol) and 2 crowns, 2 fillings and a 3 part bridge and 1 filling to go in the next couple of weeks. Had I listened to her 2-3 years ago, I probably would not have had to endure all of this in emergency situations. \n\n\nShe doesn't  take my insurance, but I don't care!!   I trust my teeth only to her and whom she refers me to. I have been to dental hell and back twice. Dr. House and her crew are my saving Angels. Finally! I had such anxiety and fear all of these years. Putting it all off until it all became an emergency is not the way to go! However, it landed me with her, and there's no place I would rather be in a dental emergency or just for  a cleaning or filling than with Dr. House. \n\nDr. House has an amazing new beautiful , state of the art office great staff and warm environment.  If you are looking for a great dentist..you just found her!\n\nBTW: I had friend that cracked a front  tooth off, opening a box two weeks ago. I called Dr. H for her. She met us at her new office (not even open yet) on a Friday night, numbs her up, cleans it up, puts on a temp and gets her out the door within an hour. My friend was not a patient of hers either at that time. \n\nDr. House has amazing customer service! She texts you, emails you and follows up with phone calls. Love a dentist that's hip on the communication!
**Maybe a 2 star, only because it's the ONLY taco place around.\n\nI've lived about  a 5-minute walk from here pretty much all my life, and I love tacos! My excitement sky-rocketed when I noticed this little place opened up so close to home and finally came to check it out a couple weeks ago.  The owner of Le Canard Mort closed down the former Le Resignol and opened this new little taco bar.  I have never been to the other restaurants, but Le Canard Mort has definitely been on my radar, and I cross my finger it will be much better than this.\n\nThere were two of us when we came and thought it was closed because it was so dark and empty.  It could have just been because it was late afternoon during down time, but I've never seen more than 2 people in here at a time anyway.\n\nWe were casually greeted, and we picked up a menu off the table.  It consists of enchiladas ($13-$16), burritos ($9-$12), nachos, and a few salads.  The tacos range from $4.50 to $9 each, or you can choose to get the platter of 2 which includes rice and salad.  And so for a quick lunch:\n\nBlackened Catfish Taco Platter: $14 (2\/5 stars)\nThe fish itself was cooked and seasoned well.  However, it was not hot... warm at best.  The yellow mole lacked flavour, and the mango salsa was... meh (I can make way better!).  Overall, a bit dry and lacking in flavour... and heat.  Very disappointed with the "platter" aspect since it was a tiny scoop of bland rice with what seemed like canned black beans heated in a microwave and poured on top.  The salad was several lettuce leaves with... I forgot what else (not worth the mention anyway).\n\nShrimp Taco Platter: $14 (1.5\/stars)\nShrimp was cooked well, but definitely lacked flavour, chipotle mole was inexistent according to my taste buds.  The tomatillo salsa was alright, but missing the bold taste tomatillo salsas promise to deliver.  Again, a bit dry and I wished I hadn't gotten the platter... double disappointment.\n\nService: (2\/5 stars)\n2.5 stars.  The server was nice, but there was really nothing that was done to put her above the McDonald's counter service.  We originally asked to get the food to go, but decided to stay after we got the food.  She brought some utensils, napkins, and bottled sauces, then she reached into our bag and took the packaged sauces back so we wouldn't waste it.  I mean, I hate to waste and would have probably given it back anyway... but SERIOUSLY?!\n\nI am a forgiving person and I believe (almost) everyone deserves a second chance.  Chef's and restaurants have their bad days too, so yes, I will go back ONE DAY to get ONE taco and hope that it will make up for EVERYTHING.  The concept is what I really admire, but the food, cooks, service, and atmosphere need to step it up BIG TIME!
Alright so the reviews here are spot on. The sandwiches here are VERY good and I can see why this place is so busy all the time. I had both the Cheese steak and the Chicken Parm - both are excellent choices and it's hard for me to decide on a favorite. I would like to try their pasta sometime here which only means that I should come back here on another visit.\n\nThe location is a bit tricky to find at first but it's not too bad, it's right across from the China Wok right across from the parking lot. I would recommend calling ahead and ordering your food beforehand as they are quite busy during the lunch rush. As it is part grocery and part restaurant I would also recommend take out if they're busy since there's not much seating.
We adored the Parador - it's a really stunning old Victorian that Ed, the owner, has brought to life with a Caribbean theme - totally different, charming, and unique.  We stayed in the Palm Room which is at the very top of the stairs - and honestly, that room (really, suite) is bigger than my apartment in DC.  There was a huge living room (with a sofa, a coffee table, a desk, a TV and fridge and ample, ample space for lounging around), a huge bedroom, and a huge bathroom. In short, we could have comfortably stayed in our room for two days and left Pittsburgh very happy.   But there are other pluses here as well - one is the location.  You can walk out the door of the Parador, turn right, and stumble into a number of good restaurants (literally, a three minute walk). If you're headed to Pittsburgh to see the Warhol Museum or the Mattress factory, you can easily walk from the Parador. And if you have questions about what to see or where to go, Ed will help you.  Finally, points for the morning breakfast (especially the yogurt parfait).
We get there at 11am on a Sunday and there are 2 workers outside waiting because the manager hasn't arrived yet. When she gets there she tells us the other person did a no show at 10am and she had to drive all the way from Goodyear or such. We wanted to sit on the patio so we just sat ourselves while she let everyone in. We ended up not being able to eat for almost 2 hours because the wood fire oven had to get to a certain degree before they could cook the pizzas. When we got our bill it was hand written on small pieces of paper, super sketchy! I seriously felt like Ashton Kutcher was going to jump out and say we were being punked because the service was so bad. I would not recommend to anyone.
Had my first float a few weeks ago and slept like a baby afterwards.  Definitely don't make plans after because all you'll want to do is continue relaxing. I liked that they were so thorough with what to expect before, during and after the float. Beautiful setup and friendly staff.  I've heard the 2nd float is even better than the 1st, I will for sure be testing that out!  Love to see a business that is taking care of our bodies without pumping us full of medication.
I don't get what it is about The Black Bull that make people want to go there so bad.  OK, the patio is massive - I get that part.   But in case you didn't know, Toronto has a ton of other great patios.  And chances are, you'll actually find a table on one of them, unlike at the always-rammed Black Bull.   It's located in the middle of Queen St, which is cool, except when someone sets up a DRUM KIT next to the patio and plays over the music coming from the BB's speakers.  It's always an annoying corner, you can't deny that.\n\nCan we talk about the food for a second?  Its gross and utterly generic.  It's obviously not the reason you head over there in the first place, but let's face it, people end up wanting to nibble on something when they're drinking cold beers on a hot day, but the food always leaves you wishing you hadn't ordered anything in the first place.\n\nAnd oddly enough, every time I go there the server, without fail, will bring me a pint of the beer despite asking for "a bottle of..."  Why is that?  I never correct them cause who does that, it's beer.  But it's really strange. \n\nI'm not saying don't go, I mean if friends are already there and they actually scored a table, then by all means, join them.  Just don't go with an appetite.
I can honestly say this is the best Italian food I have had.  Considering I grew up working for my Uncle Nunzie (born in Italy) at his restaurant and I lived 2 doors down from a little old lady from Sicily whose mission seemed to be to feed the entire neighborhood when she could, this is saying a lot.  From the spaghetti and meatballs to the porcetta ragout (my absolute favorite when it is on the menu), from the bread, appetizers and desserts to the sandwiches and bar selection everything is amazing.\n\nThe staff is pleasant and attentive, the owners walk the dining area to make sure everything is just right.  It is decorated well and has a terrific atmosphere.
This was my second visit to this restaurant chain, although the first visit was in Tempe, not Phoenix. I liked the peanut stir-fry with mock chicken so much in Tempe, I ordered it again at the downtown Phoenix location.  Unfortunately, this version of the dish was drowned in so much peanut sauce, that its all I could taste.  The veggies and mock chicken were cooked right, it was just that the dish was out of balance with too much of a powerful ingredient.
We have been customers of National Home Warranty for over 12 years. Overall, we have been blessed because they have provided good service for all these years. \n\nWe had a few hiccups with the pool contractor as there is only 1 pool vendor. And a plumber last year who came to install a new water heater who was intoxicated when he showed up. \n\nWe discovered a water leak in our home recently & called National Home Warranty. Derwin, one of their plumbers with Residential Services, came out. Let me tell you..... He needs to be promoted! He is AWESOME! He was responsive, explained the process to us, and told us what we needed to do going forward. He returned later after the restoration company discovered the leak, and replaced the toilet. He was very pleasant, knowledgeable, professional and a pleasure to work with. Give him a raise! You should be very proud of the employee he is & how well he represents your company. We cannot say enough about Derwin.
Haven't even tried the food yet! The waitress however has been absolutely amazing in catering to my needs. \n\nI will try to make a long story short here.. Delayed flight, made it to Phoenix couple hours late, lost bag, found bag, bag missing half my stuff, got in a fight over a cabi trying to rip me off. End of story I just really wanted a few drinks and to go back to my room. The waitress quickly served me my shots and beer as well as my food to go. Even helped me out with some beer to go " unopened " of course at an amazing price to go back to my room with. "Walking". \n\n\nI don't care if the food is horrible they helped end a terrible day good. However I hear the food is amazing!\n\nedit: food was amazing. Fire fries were magical
I was Gastonia on business and was looking for a good Thai restaurant close to my hotel.  I saw this one was given great reviews on Yelp so I decided to try it.  It did not disappoint.  I had the Chicken Pad Thai.  It was very flavorful. It came out quickly and was piping hot.  I was there for lunch so it came with soup and spring roll.  The soup came out immediately and was very good.  The spring roll came out with the meal.  The only negative item I had was the spring roll.  It did not taste like it was fully cooked and it was cold on the inside.  The staff are great.  If the spring roll would have been cooked properly I would have go en this place 5 stars.
PNC Park is amazing! The view of downtown Pittsburgh is just amazing. I would say PNC is a cozy ballpark in the sense and it is smaller than what the Pirates had prior to PNC being built. PNC replaced 3Rivers Stadium which was way too big for baseball. I don't know that there is a bad view in the place and it is just built, obviously, for baseball. Lots of food places to pick from. They have the baseball regulars like hot dogs, cotton candy, and popcorn. They also have not so regular like Manny's bbq, BRGR, and Primanti's. Went with the family and thoroughly enjoyed our evening and were able to celebrate a Buccos win! Let's Go Bucs!
I've changed my mind about this place - it's improved a lot over time. \n\nI visited when they first opened and found the inventory pretty ho-hum - mostly 80s kitsch.  I didn't go back until a year later when I was killing time in the area and stopped in.  Their inventory had improved significantly - more more diverse, and with much less emphasis on "ironic"\/tacky stuff. The prices are very reasonable.  And I'll echo what several others have said - the shoe collection is really impressive! Huge assortment, in good shape, in a variety of sizes (i.e. not just ultra-narrow). \nI left with two nice 50s\/60s button down shirts and two pairs of shoes.\nI still miss Epoch, but Good Style deserves good business!
My wife and I were looking for a place on the strip to watch the 2015 nfl afc championship between the Peyton Manning led Denver Broncos and Brady's Patriots. We approached from the Strip side and was promptly greeted. Our host Tisa placed us right in front of a TV outside with a great view of the Crystals mall. She made a beer suggestion based on what I liked and drink suggestion for my wife! She was on the spot my wife's margarita was perfect and my beer was perfect. We ordered a Trio Tower of Shrimp Scampi, Chicken and Waffle Slider, and Calamari and really enjoyed everything. The staff was excellent we never had an empty glass and overall they were great company from the host to waitress to our busser! \n\nNow the best part was the Executive Chef came out and asked how was everything and I asked what I should try on his suggestion and his response was "Perfect, I'll send something out!" He sent out Cincinnati Chili Cheese fries and Fish tacos. \n\nIf you are a chili fan expect a different flavor This chili is on the sweeter side of chili but it was a great change of pace. The fish tacos were perfect, not dry and dressed well I didn't have to put anything on it.\n\nOverall the experience was great! The ambience, the view, the food, but most of all the attentive staff and when the Chef came out it was the icing on the cake we were impressed! Plan on visiting in the future
I was in town for a conference and a girlfriend and I needed to get out of there for some nail love. We found Elite Nails on yelp (*thanks all reviewers!), called to get a time and the owner managed to squeeze us in somehow.  He originally said they were booked but he had a cancellation and immediately called us.  We headed over and were greeted at the door like old friends!\n\nThey use OPI which thrilled us and we were each handed a sanitized package of equipment, and I'm always thrilled by great cleanliness at a nail salon! Had a great manicure\/pedicure.  We mentioned the reflexology place next door (owned by the same folks), and were offered a discount and walked over.  I will absolutely return here every time i am in the area.
Mmmmmmmm chocolate martinis.\nI can go on for days about the MonteLucia.  I don't know that I should because I want it all for myself.  I'm a local and enjoy coming here to cozy up with friends outside in the courtyard or inside on the couches while sipping on A-MAZING chocolate martinis.  \nThe staff is attentive and friendly.  Everytime I've been there live music has been playing that could be described as jazzy or loungey.\nIt's the perfect upscale location for a low key evening.
The atmosphere and workers here are patient and high spirited. Yesterday I came here and Ryan was  back and forth with customers but very attentive when answering my questions and providing me with fish. He even stood at the large log tank trying to get the last Cardinal. Today I was just loving watching the interactions and bodies that I wondered what other stores had to offer so I went to tropical treasures and reef monsters both stores were disappointing in price and staff so I went back to aquarium arts where again I was greeted, this time by the store owner. He answered my questions and when most places would just get a fish and go he examined the tank and picked one he would take home he stated. He was asked questions while he was working with me and would let me know he would be right back and was, as of course my wandering eyes looked at others I wanted. He also let me know my fish needed a higher protein since I only have had Bettas, a Molly, and Glo eyes, who eat flakes.  I will definitely be back.
Just waited over 2 hours for delivery of one small pizza.  Pizza is solid but certainly not worth the wait time.
My fam and I are huge fans of the show, have been since the beginning. Needless to say when we heard Buddy was opening up shop in LV, we were stoked and could not wait to finally try some of the yummy treats we had seen on the show. Sadly, we were highly disappointed - twice! We decided to get my father a Canoli cake for his birthday this year (6\/18\/14 - "the big 66, retirement at last!") too bad it could not be a memorable one where his cake took center stage. The cake is very different looking from the pics on the website which I guess only apply to the Hoboken location. There were no almond slivers around the cake, the cream was kind of heavy and very bland on the upside the vanilla sponge was ok, just sad that all together it was not good.  We also had the mini canoli, original and chocolate, my daughters thought they were ok - nothing special.  I had the Napoleon, this was the WORST thing I have ever put in my mouth in the disguise of a dessert. The French cream was hard and you could tell had been sitting around for a while, the flaky pastry layers were more like thin sheets of cardboard, they were tough and hard to bite through, I almost broke a tooth trying to bite through it, after a couple attempts,  the Napoleon was totally destroyed and looked like a firecracker went off in it  - for sure had been sitting around for a while. \nLastly, the lines are redonkulous! We waited for over an hour and a half on a Sat. night and it was so wrong to see the favoritism on behalf of the young, chubby white guy who was at the door letting people in. We saw him let in, 2 pretty, young ladies - totally bypassed the line and walked right in, about 20 minutes later he did it again with a "punk rocker, tattooed, pierced, pink haired (one side the other shaved) girl." Maybe he feared this one - LOL.\nSo sorry Buddy, we really did want to love your desserts, but hopefully you can make the necessary changes to save this place.  We will for sure try it again in the future with hopes that the third time is a charm! #fingerscrossed #bringthejumbocrumbcaketoLV
I enjoy this location.  They are super busy, but always make great pizzas and they are friendly with great customer service.  I like the thin crust all veggie pizza with chicken and jalapenos. It rewards itself when being a member and ordering online to obtain membership points. Once you reach 25 points, you get a free one topping large pizza. Pretty good when you obtain the points quickly since you get several points at a time per order. :)   Awesome thin crust they have!
Went to purchase a mattress.  Salesperson was helpful and actually proposed a mattress purchase that was less than what I planned to spend.  Now here comes the costs: mattress requires a mattress pad or the warranty will be voided $50.  Delivery cost $69.  Delivery window is small, weekends only.  I missed the scheduled delivery, so there is a 10% restocking fee $139. You can't pay this over the phone as customer service can't take the payment. You have to drive to the store and make the payment.  \n\nWish I had asked more questions, as they were quick to make the sale but horrible in following up to assist with you the delivery.  And seriously, the restocking fee is ridiculous!!  Needless to say, I'm canceling the order, losing money as you have to pay a restocking fee for canceling the order as well. I will never, ever, shop at the dump again.  The name should be changed to the Dupe.  That's how I feel. Duped.
Best NY style pizza in the south east Valley bar none!!!!!! \n\nPastas are amazing..... Chicken parm is huge and my wife just got the muscles dinner with white wine sauce and loved it!!!! \n\nOh and if you come for dinner free garlic knots!!!!!
The food is always good for fast food. They're not always the quickest, but chili cheese tots are definitely worth the wait! Pop corn chicken and corn dogs are always a good cheap option as well
I come to Mon Ami Gabi every time I go to Vegas, you really do get all the up scale quality an service at a very reasonable price.
KFC? Popeyes? Grocery store fried chicken? No. Nononono.\n\nTRIPLE CROWN. \n\nTip my hat to that kitchen team because that was one mind blowing food experience. The fried chicken is flawless. It's a very flavorful batter - something very distinct about it, similar to KFC but more flavorful and more addicting.\n\nI chose some elaborate sides which I think clashed against the chicken, aside from the sweet potatoes which were ace. I also tried the Mac and cheese, which was delicious. The biscuit was a little bit of a miss for me, but I didn't care.\n\nIt's the chicken and that sauce that matters.
Ordered takeout. Totally got my order wrong. The guy that took down my order obviously did not know the menu and was not familiar with the Japanese names. That being said the food was decent but nothing special.
The cupcakes are super expensive and I've had much better. The carrot cake cupcake had a strong after taste of nutmeg and cinnamon that overpowered the taste. The red velvet were just off... Can't really explain why... I was super excited to finally try this shop and was very disappointed.
One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix!  LOVE the protein-style tacos and yummy salsa bar.  I love condiments, so the salsa bar is a definite highlight for me.  Also, they recently expanded the restaurant so it is about double the size of what it used to be. I will be back again soon!
Dr. Battersby is seriously amazing, as a person and as a doctor. I have been to several doctors and have never had an experience like the one I had with Dr. Battersby. I understand why as a doctor in general, one can easily develop the attitude after medical school and first-hand experience that they know more about what might be going on with the patient and may not feel the need to listen as much or wouldn't necessarily treat them as equal in knowledge. But with Dr. Battersby, I literally felt like he treated me as though I might know something about what's going on with my body, too - almost with the same dynamic he'd treat another doctor. It felt more like a team effort rather than a typical doctor\/patient dynamic. He is completely humble. This was really impressive to me because although I don't have as much medical knowledge, I am very in tune with my body and I can give legitimate hints as to what I think the issue might or might not be, and he treated my input as just as valuable. I believe Dr. Battersby is what doctors should be - he has a loving heart and everything he did and said was out of compassion and care. This is what will truly heal people. So grateful I found him.
Speed read:\n1) Review only the house special dessert.\nCoconut cream, red bean, tiny tapioca, grass jelly, and coconut jelly.\n\n2) $12 for a big pot\n\n3) Great Pot for sharing dessert.\n\nCongee queen for dessert..... That's right!\n\nThis pot of dessert is great for sharing, and not too sweet.  Usually u can't go wrong with coconut cream tapioca.  \n\nI am not sure about the rest of the food....Trust the other yelper.  \n\nIf u read this far, can u please tell me what food u like most from congee queen .
Very bad experience with desk front , lady on duty will not name made major mistake,and I never plan to stay here again, in the past I had very many great stays at the hotel but over the years it has plummeted.You never call a customer on their work phone number when you have made a mistake on your behalf. I had to drive back to hotel because I was told I did not give the attendant the currency that I ask change for, she opted to be an investigator and hunt down my fiancee while he was on an important business call, proceeded also to call his office. I do not cheat people so I choose to go back and did not want this person to lose their job if I had made the mistake but I knew what was in my wallet, she obviously was the one that made the mistake.\nNo one ever called us back to apologize either after I voiced my concern.There are many other locations to stay at just drive a little further south down to Concord Mills and stay at a hotel there, you will be more pleased . Also the room was not very clean, and the hotel needs to be renovated. Just  a FYI.
Great food! Hot and fresh every time! We like to order through the app. Occasionally have problems with them remembering to add the extra sides we request, but they always take care of it immediately. Friendly staff.
Tourist paradise. Sometimes you just need an alcoholic slush in a cheesy cup. Prices are expensive, but what do you expect for this location. \n\nWorth a visits and they have lots of fun drink cups to choose from.
When I came in for my first visit I was at my breaking point. The pain in my low back\/hip had gotten to the point where I was 100% restricted to what I could do. Everyday was a bad day due to my low back\/hip pain. I'm only 34 but body felt like I was 80. My greatest fear was being forced to be in a wheel chair before I was 40 :(  After going over my X-rays, we came up with a care plan to get my body performing the way it should be. I've been seeing Dr Schloemp for about 3 weeks now and I have already noticed great improvement! I was able to successfully run 2 miles with no pain. It was an amazing breakthrough for me! I haven't been able to run in years. But yesterday I did and I'm so grateful for the chiropractic care I've been receiving that allowed me to get to that point. I still have a lit of work to do, but I'm so excited for the future. If you have any kind of pain, sever or mild, please go see Dr Schloemp! There's no reason to live with pain.
O stars...My sister chose this venue for her Birthday because they advertised a New R&B 90's music night. When we arrived around 9:30 it was pretty empty but we didn't mind. We picked an empty booth next to the dance floor. The purpose was to celebrate her,  listen to music and have a good time. Six women occupied our booth. The club started to fill up. Two hours later we were told by a waitress that we had to move out of our booth because someone else reserved it. She said, I have a table in the back for you. We refused to move! So Fabio comes out being disrespectful and rude. He cleared our empty and full drinks off the table. And told us to get out the booth! I guess 6 black women didnt fit the image of the club. Thanks to the promoter for apologizing for his behavior. First & Last visit
I trusted a review on Yelp that said this place was flexible with vegan options which was important to my daughter.  Yelp was mistaken.  THERE ARE NO VEGAN OPTIONS HERE except "garlicky French fries" and bread.  The waitress offered nothing by way of creating ANYTHING my daughter could eat, save for a salad or removing the meats from skewer dishes.  Calling to make a reservation was difficult as I was asked to hold the line for 5 minutes at a time and then hung up on.  Twice.  Table service was slow, had to repeatedly ask for parts of order that had been forgotten (including the bread which was half my daughter's meal).  The fish I ate was well prepared and tasty but all in all this was not a pleasant eating experience for me and my family.
I've been ordering from Rosati's for about a month now. I have had The Cheef, Meatball, Cheeseburger, Fried Mushrooms, Chicken Tenders, Calzones and the thin crust pizza that they gave us for free was Outstanding. Everything is outstanding!!!!!!!!!! I have also had the Beer Battered Cod Fish, SO SO SO Good. I have nothing bad to say about Rosati's. Delivery is always fast. Delivery driver is always very friendly. I recommend as many people as I can to Rosati's.\n\nThis place has changed so much. The quality of their food has dropped. And the cooks just don't care about what they are serving. "Mild" wings should not burn my mouth. These "Mild Wings" are up in the Hot Range. I know Mild wings. These are ridiculous. Rosati's is On The List!!!!!
friendly hones, knowledgeable staff, good prices, clean. I have used them  a number of times and keep going back
One of my favorite places in the city - especially in the summer.\n\nThis lounge bar is cozy, sexy, and has a great vibe. Old world glamour without the stuffiness.\n\nWonderful views of the city, fantastic outdoor seating.\n\nPerfect for a date, or if you want to get away and feel like you're on vacation.\n\nThe scene is mixed - anywhere from traveling business men, couples, single ladies, the age gap is wide.\n\nThe drinks are made well, the servers are very friendly and entertaining. \n\nIt's easy to spend hours here...
I have been to quite a few Thai restaurants in the valley, but Thai Rama has become my go-to Thai. They have delicious food and the restaurant is really nicely decorated as well. My favorite dishes are the dumplings, which come topped with crispy garlic and cilantro, the wonton soup, which arrives in a flaming silver bowl, and the garlic chicken, which has good flavor and a kick when ordered medium spicy. The restaurant is open later than a lot of others in the neighborhood.
VERY VERY GOOD pizza!\nThe Babe Ruth Home-Run Specialty Pizza is what I recommend!
These carnitas tacos are heavenly and I should not do such comparisons, but delicious and scrumptious does not do them justice. The place was packed for one reason ONLY, the food here is exceptional.
As far as I know, and I lived in Vegas for over a decade... this is hands down the best buffet for price and variety. You may not like everything but you'll find things to fall in love with... Sushi, Prime Rib, many meats, ham, salads, pretty much every food that you can imagine they have here. They truly have something for everyone! There is also now a 24 hr pass though anytime I went here I only ate once. They didn't used to have that, I was stuffed after one visit...
This diner is a great find. Wonderful food and the owner and cook Rudy is always working hard to make sure you are happy. The service is excellent and people are full of smiles
First of all the food is really good here . Came in with my family and they loved the food . Restaurant looks nice inside . The out side looks all simple . The restrooms are small . The service on the food after you place your order is fast . You get to enjoy your food while is still hot . The waiter is slow when is comes down to you getting refills or ordering anything extra . But overall good quantity in food wise
Huge sandwiches good to share.  Fresh and healthy choices.  I love the Tablet system for ordering.  very casual place.
I love all Brixx locations however this one is ESPECIALLY cool because it was recently remodeled and now has a gorgeous partial patio cover.  The best thing about this location is sitting on the patio watching all of the drivers try to drive the wrong way down one-way Scott Ave.  Sigh.....half price bottles of wine and much giggling later, it is a great way to spend a Sunday evening.\n\nThe service at this location has always been attentive and extra sweet.  This is the first Brixx I ever came to in Charlotte and fell IN LOVE with the Mexican pizza.  No Amstel or Heineken here but I love you anyways Brixx!
Amanda came highly recommended by several of our friends. We did the Holiday Mini Session with our 6 month old. The Studio is so cute with lots of great props and different settings. Amanda is so creative and we had lots of fun. The pictures were adorable and made a great gifts for family. We will be using her again and recommend to all our friends.
I work nearby and wanted something different. Thought the menu sounded interesting but wasn't overwhelmed. Well, let me tell you that these sandwiches are some of the best I've ever tasted! We ordered the chix fix (crispy & tasty), the daily special "Spanish" with mortadella, chorizo & olive tapenade (super different and full of flavor, the crispy bread made it) and the egg salad (truly the best I've ever tasted, the bacon & chip bits put it over the top). Definitely will be back for more. Very good!
It's my favorite restaurant. Great food, excellent selection and great service. My favorite dishes are num tok beef and pad see-ew w\/ chicken. I highly recommend this place
I came here on a Saturday for lunch with my husband. We recently moved to the area from downtown, where in downtown we used to enjoy AYCE from spring rolls on Dundas. This is so far  the worst food we ate. Everything seemed they were  just just dropped on the plate ( messy plating ), salty, Pad Thai was swimming on his sauce, and sashimi was warm. I am not sure if all spring roll changed their menu, but this is very limited and westernized. If I wanna eat bruschetta and prosciutto melon, I wouldn't have gone to spring rolls.
A++++!!! Outstanding service! We have a very large home, and literally every crevice was cleaned. Superb Maids has very affordable prices as well. Two very nice ladies came to our house and cleaned very very well. We will definitely be using their services again!
Really enjoyed this Restaurant Very Nice decor and Patio  Great Margarita and Chips and Bean dip excellent.  We had a Rest.com Coupon so we had dinner with Perks $15 off $30.  Staff Friendly And Service decent  We'll be back They have a decent Happy Hour as well with half off Appetizers and House Drinks (can't be used w coupon ) of course but good to know about
The service is awesome, Caitlin was the best! The corned beef was the best I have had anywhere in the USA! Add to that the great bloody Mary's!
Apparently there is this restaurant in Spain where they rely on Proustian effects to enhance the dining experience. For example, a balloon is brought to the table filled with the scent of oranges and is released slowly to evoke memories of growing up near the orange groves. \n\nYou could say the same thing about Paramount, but exchange citrus accents with buckets of cheap cologne. I'm not sure what they were going for here but the Axe-cented patrons and staff to the left and right of us made me feel like I was in Night at the Roxbury. But let's get to the food, shall we?\n\nIt felt like a rollercoaster of awesome highs and middling lows. The chicken shawarma was freaking amazing but the turnips and sides were sub par. The stuffed grape leaves were good but not great. \n\nHowever, in a sea of Popeyes and Burger Kings, this place is pretty good for getting something moderately healthy.
kurz gesagt:\n- super atmosphäre\n- tolle location\n- einwandfreier service\n- grandioses essen\n- leckerer kuchen - im sommer leckeres eis\n\n\n ...da gibts nichts zu meckern! gratulation zu diesem tollen café, weiter so!
Somewhat disappointed at buffet even though I definitely got filled up and nothing was horrible. I guess the hype raised expectations. First, we were 4 people and the waitress gave us one cracker for the table. There was no king crab which was weird since so many reviews mention them. If they weren't available they maybe should let you know in advance. The snow crab was served ice cold. I much prefer them hot. Everything else I tried was good and the lamb chops were really good but a chocolate mousse pastry was awful. So if you don't have great expectations you can stuff yourself silly for $37 which is not bad for Vegas.
Fantastic food, decent draft beer! My girlfriends and I were there on a Friday for the live band (dressed in lederhosen!). We had a blast dancing on our benches and they even sang the song we requested. Good service and hospitality. Awesome experience all around. Would highly recommend, especially if you're german!
Holy cow! This place is amazing! They offer one week trial for free, and unlimited class attendance for your monthly fee. The teachers are great, the students are mixed ages, which is really nice, and the owners are friendly and knowledgable. My son has come every day so far in the trial week because he loves it so much!
My husband and I just purchased a home from Jason Allen! \nHe was by far the best agent we've ever dealt with! \nWe just relocated from a Memphis suburb! \nJason is a truly remarkable agent! \n\nHis knowledge on the local real estate market is completely on point! The Home we just purchased from him appraised for more than our purchase price! \n\nJason is beyond patient! He dealt with all of my obnoxious demands, with a genuine smile! \nHe found a home for our entire family! He couldn't even be creepy if tried! He's one of the nicest and most competent people I've ever met! \nMy husband and I are so happy with Jason! He's beyond competent, knowable and on point! \n\nMost of all he actually listens! \nHe helped us find the perfect home because of his suburb listening skills! We're honestly thankful to Jason Allen for finding the perfect home in the perfect community!
Just tried this place.  Friendly staff.  Pizza was very good.  Not a very large menu, however, thoughtfully creative.  We'll go back again.
Suffering from dysania?  Get yo'self outta bed and into Lush for some eye-opening products!  Just breathe.  It smells so pretty in here~\n\nThe moment they opened Lush up at Chandler Fashion Center, I rejoiced.  No more trips out to Scottsdale or ordering online to get all my bubbly needs!  But with that comes a significantly lighter wallet.  Help me.\n\nI love everything about this shop.  The sales people are always so stinkin' sweet and they let me play and touch everything.  Always quick with product selection and are walking product-know-it-alls, they recommend some of the best items ever without being pushy.  We all know what I mean:  those sales rep that scare you into buying their goods... it doesn't happen here!  It's a spacious shop with lots of goodies and it's always an exciting and divine-smelling trip.  Where else will a friendly face offer you a facial or hand massage while scrubbing some dead skin off you?\n\nI love their bubble bars [Blue Skies & Fluffy White Clouds ultimate fave], their Dream Cream, the Popcorn Lip Scrub, Floating Island body melt, It Started with a Kiss lip stain, Honey I Washed The Kids soap, the limited edition Rose Jam shower gel, et cetera. There's just so much to love, so much to buy!  Don't forget to ask for some free samples when buying some goodies.
The work the ladies do at this place is awesome! The owner makes you feel welcomed and shares stories with you and remembers you everytime you come in! The only downfall is its a little pricey. If I could afford it this would definitely be my spot!
Been here many times, I think Grand Electric has done everything right! Decor, attitude of the staff and the food and booze mean it's an instant hit.\n\nThe Baja Fish taco is a winner,  but the portion are small, so order up more - because the wait can get long. Wanted to try the Miami ribs, but they had the peanut ribs on the grill as well - I'm all for spicy peanut ribs, but not when there are severe nut allergies. Wished that the al pasdor had a little more flavour, but wicked selection of bourbon and whiskey. \n\nToronto still can not measure up to the Mexican food in Cali and Texas... but it's getting closer...
I really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere is awesome and the service is amazing. They have great shish and great flavors. It was on a Sunday night not too many people there but I had a great time. I would love to come here again.
Der seltsamste MediaMarkt in dem ich bis jetzt war.\nSehr verwinkelt, auf viele Stockwerke verteilt, wirkt unsortiert und man muss Glück haben wenn man man genau das findet was man sucht. Zum einfachen stöbern lohnt sich der Laden nicht, da macht ein Gang zum nicht viel weiter Entfernten Schwestergeschäft Saturn durchaus Sinn.
The Pho with raw meat on top is really good . They put fair amount of meat on top with brisket under it . Define tilt good quality. I ordered red curry noodle soup. It was underwhelming but not horrible. Lack of spice even tho I get 5\/5 spice level l they put pea pit in the soup is barely cooked and the soup was pretty Greasy. But the appraiser summer roll wasn't bad. I enjoyed their chrysanthemum tea . Which you don't see at many other places. But the Vietnamese iced coffee was not sweet enough. The service was okay . They get really busy so I sat at the bar . So want expecting much, they asked me if I had a reservation ? This is not a restaurant I would put effort to make reservation to . I would give them a 3.5 star if there is an option .
So I order a pizza and I always ask for ranch and they never ever bring me the ranch that I have to pay for. Not only does the pizza take 1 hour to get there, but they never bring me the ranch. Very mad about this when you pay for something your supposed to get it I work very hard to get money, and I'm done with this place. I can't complain about the pizza because it is good but the customer service sucks.
Great little restaurant hidden away in a Strip Mall. Was leery at first, but cannot go wrong. Their greek food is amazing. Their subs are good, So is their Italian dishes. The only thing I was not crazy about was the pizza. \n\nPizza tastes like something from Hungry Howies. Not impressed at all, but if i've tried several things on the menu and the only thing I don't like is the pizza, i'd say that's pretty darn good. \n\nService is always very friendly, but the thing to remember it is a casual place. \n\nI will continue to go back !
I must say this is one of my new favorite restaurants here in Aria! Reservation is highly recommended because of their rising popularity since their celebrity chef Shawn McClain's winning on American Iron Chef. \n\nThe dark purple decoration inside the restaurant makes it look trendy and fun. Dark wood, dim lighting, high chair at the bar, sofa seating with leather cover, all in all make this place upscale and fun. \n\nWe came here for appetizer and drinks and their pink lemonade is amazing! I should certainly come back and try their absinthe. It seems so interesting. We had their Greek salad and Foie Gras Creme Brulee. I have to say that salad is probably the best I had in a long time. It is simple and fresh with their special sauce. I almost want to rush back to the kitchen and get the recipe. For the Foie Gras, which is their signature dish. I can't have enough!  Highly recommend it! \n\nThe service is impeccable. Our server knows what she is doing and gave us a great "class" on their food and prep, very knowledgeable and polite. \n\nI highly recommend this place for any occasions.
Way to step up guys !quick delivery and the food is awesome and fresh! This bread is so soft and so warm and so covered with icing I just can't believe it
They had good service although it seemed their cash register was down so took a minute which I can understand, I was in no rush at 2:13 a.m and couldn't get the breakfast item I wanted but got the patty melt and it is spectacular, I can't tell if it's because I'm so dabbed out or I'm just truly hungry and the onion rings are always alright with some ketchup, good Dr. Pepper unlike some food places.
Fun place to bring a kid.  They have a petting zoo and lots of treats.
Yes, I sniffed out a KK in Vegas!\n\nThere must be crack sprinkled in their donuts because they're so addicting! Luckily, the nearest one is about 20-30 mins away from where I live, so I don't\/can't go there as often as my cravings would like to. It's kremey krack!  \n\nOne of my favs is the oreo creme one (NOT the cake one). The oreo cake one is just like a donut made out of cake. I ordered that one on accident.  \nOops! \n\nIt's unfortunate (fortunate for my gut) that there's no more kk's in the valley like there used to be or else I'd be a big fat fattie!
Went here for the first time early in September and loved it. We had Melissa and she was GREAT! so sweet and attentive. We will definitely request her next time! Food was great!
This is one of those places I can't believe I haven't been to in awhile.  To say nothing of writing a review on.  So last weekend Aunt Susan and Uncle Rick decided to take our niece and nephew here for an afternoon of history and culture.  They're at that age now when they can appreciate this sort of thing.\n\nBut anyway this has to be one of the best museums I've ever been to.  It's a branch of the Smithsonian and it's located in what was an old ice warehouse.  We were impressed by the main entrance, including the Pittsburgh streetcar, which I remember used to run on the Drake Line (and my railfan husband really enjoyed).\n\nBeing that we had the kids with us, we tried to keep it to just a couple of hours and to see the exhibits they would enjoy most.  So we went up to the "Pittsburgh: A Tradition of Innovation" exhibit.  They really enjoyed the "America's First Superhighway," in which you can take a virtual ride down the Pennsylvania Turnpike in an old Jeep.  I personally liked the "Crawford Grill, which features influential jazz by George Benson, Billy Strayhorn, Stanley Turrentine, and Mary Lou Williams.\n\nWe also liked the Sports Museum part, which celebrates luminaries like Bill Mazeroski, Roberto Clemente, and the greatest hockey player ever, Mario Lemiuex (with all due respects to Wayne Gretzky).  We also enjoyed "Behind the Scenes with the Pittsburgh Steelers", which explores their legendary teams (but if you want to see that, better hurry 'cos it'll be here only until February 10, 2010).  \n\nSo Pittsburgh has a great history of sports and innovations.   You can see them all here.  I have to return here with my girlfriends and spend the entire day here.
Great service.  Cute, fun spot for date night or with friends.  Recommend the spicy shrimp, the sauce is amazing!  Coming back for brunch to try their Sunday funday ($24 bottomless bloody Mary's, mimosas, and PBR).
Great compassionate and understanding staff and owner. Prompt service. Replaces filters in home for free. Very professional and confidential company.
Breakfast 10:30am on a weekday, not very busy.  Two omelettes, two sides, one coffee.  35+ minute wait for the food, $20 plus tip.  Food was so-so, omelette was very salty.   Go to Kelly Os.
The food is great and the staff is friendly.  The only reason they didn't get a 5 star review is because of the small waiting area.  It can get really crammed; especially in the summer time, when noone wants to be outside.  I really can't recommend any one particular item, because you can't go wrong with anything you order.
I was looking for a new dentist here in town. Found this groupon and decided to give it a try. \n\nThey gave me a goodie bag with cookies and toothbrush and toothpaste. Yummm\n\nOffice and staff is amazing. Very friendly. I got a tour and got introduced to dr. Cherrington. He was very nice and caring about my teeth. I haven't been to a dentist in 7 years so was very surprised that I had no cavities. \n\nMy cleaning was very uncomfortable but hey like I said, it's been 7 yrs. My hygienist was very caring and trying her best to make it as painless as possible. \n\nI love the office and staff and the Dr. \nI guess I found me a dentist!
Our pizza of choice in Madison, which has many fine pizza choices. We go here quite often and also order delivery. Love the garlic bread and we always get the P-P-Pepperoni pizza - three different kinds of pepperoni and it is perfection. Love eating in as well - can get kind of crowded but the atmosphere is great.
A really good place for HK style food with amazing service. The waitress was extremely nice and attentive, and since we were there fairly early, the restaurant was still cleaning up. I noticed that all the chairs were wiped down thoroughly - legs and in between the rungs on the back of the chair - so it was suuuuper clean. The HK milk tea was really good, and the spaghetti soup was pretty good. All in all, good place with great service.
A gentleman orders foie gras for his putine.
Hello, NPR.\n\nYou've given me music interviews, including Sharon Jones and the Dap Kings. You've given me commentary on the Amy Winehouse revolution and young female singers\/songwriters from other countries who are really making an impact in the music industry.  \n\nYou've given me discussion on the search for happiness, and how to harness my sadness for good. Timely, too, since I just read an article about how sadness can make one analyze their life and strive for improvement. \n\nYou've given me sports theater, parodying Tom Brady and Eli Manning before the Super Bowl in what would make Shakespeare cock an eyebrow.\n\nYou've given me Sunday breakfast with the Beatles. Enough said.\n\nYou've given me so much in a short amount of time, KJZZ. And what have I given you? 1) Your very own programed radio button. 2) Two petite ears.
Fresh fish cooked to perfection.  Every dish at our table was bursting with flavor.  Really good beer selection and friendly service.  Especially liked the Tavarua tacos which were lemon rubbed grilled tuna with a honey wasabi.  Atmosphere was an urban funky vibe but still tame enough for our kids who were with us.  All walks of life dining side by side.  Would definitely come back again.
Friendly staff and great environment ! She took time with my nails and made my bio gel shellac extensions look so natural! Love them and will always come back because the price is reasonable and quality is amazing
I have been here several times and really do like the layout of everything and the outside especially. Great music, always fun and bottle service is a must.
Amelie's is one of my favorite places to go when I'm in Charlotte. I'm a sucker for all baked goods and coffee, and this place is open (and busy) at all hours, so it's a perfect spot after a concert. I've never been here at a time that there wasn't a line stretching the entire building. It's not ideal for someone in a hurry, but if you can afford to wait in line, it's worth it. I've yet to try anything that I didn't like. The tarts are wonderful, and I don't know anywhere else to get French macarons. (I've read other reviews that suggested the French macarons are too tough or hard; mine had a perfectly crisp outer layer and spongy interior.) The eclairs are excellent as well. I love croissants, and these don't disappoint. \n\nOne downside: the price of the pastries and baked goods. A bite-sized tart runs $2.50, and a 4 inch tart is $4.50. Macarons are $2.50 per cookie. \n\nThe coffee and tea are great and very reasonably priced (much cheaper than Starbucks and a little cheaper than many other cafes). The baristas are quick and prepare the coffee well. \n\nThe menu food is decent as well. It's not what I come here for, though. \n\nThe only other negative is that the service is much less friendly than the typical cafe. The employees are so concerned with moving the line quickly that they get snippy if you have a question (especially about flavors or prices of items that aren't labeled). But I suppose if they took time to be friendly, the wait times would be much longer and they'd lose business. For friendly service and a smile, I'll stick with my small local cafes.
Best Indian food I have ever had in Toronto!! I had a lamb shank dish. It was so flavourable. The service was great, too, and everyone who served us was so welcoming and cheerful. I'll definitely come back again and spread the good words about this restaurant.
This location is my favorite location of the Vigs. It is centrally located and open late. The staff are pretty friendly and the semi outdoor area is a nice change in scenery. I've been to this location both with friends and family. During the day it is definitely kid friendly. Their food is pretty good especially their late menu.
Pretty disappointed...simply, Meh! It was close to my new work so gave it a try. Lack of taste overall. I'd say their ingredients are pretty fresh but the execution of combining the sauces and the ingredients needs serious work. We tried combo appetizers, pad thai and pad see ew...pretty common thai dishes. A word of advice, esp. for a guy with normal appetite...don't go there hungry! Or make sure you don't order their lunch special. The portion is really small and you'll most likely leave there hungry. Even with $12 combo app + pad see ew lunch, I'm so unsatisfied! Quantitatively and qualitatively speaking! And don't think I'm a huge Samoan or something... I'm not a big guy any means, 5'9" 150 lbs. The service was prompt and friendly tho. I'm just glad I can find better Thai restaurants near where I live. And with better price too!
Returned to Executive men's grooming.  Tony starks was very persistent about giving him another chance on the house.  Glad I did, this time Dustin gave me a haircut, the best haircut I ever had.  Tony definitely takes customer service to a new level.  I will return.  Thanks Tony.
Had a ultrasound with Maria today. She was super informative and excited with us. It's a large room. Super affordable gender check. Love all my pictures.  I'll definitely be back for a 27 week visit.
I love this place. Been back several times for breakfast, lunch  and dinner. Frannies is the perfect dessert - a warm mixture of brownie and bake batter withe fudge and ice cream on top. Heaven! The left coast blt is my go to, and the avocado omelet is great as well. I like the burgers, and the house salad is excellent.
This place is great! I was recommended to stop by and do a month trial run of the studio by a friend and instantly fell in love. The atmosphere and overall energy of the place is amazing. I purchased the 30 day trial for $39.99 and utilized it a lot. The monthly membership for the studio is a little pricey for me but if I can find it in my means I would love to return.
I looked at the reviews and wasn't going to buy anything here. However, I saw someone eating a sandwhich and was hungry so I asked the person how was it? They had an Italian sandwhich and said it was good. I decided to go ahead and buy it because there weren't that many choices. This could have been great or at the very least good, but that was not the case. The sandwhich after having gone through the "toaster" was cold literally within 30 seconds. The taste was not great but not totally terrible either. There are only three places to eat and quiznos could easily be the spot to eat but it seems quality is lacking everywhere these days. If you can wait then I suggest you wait. However if you are really hungry maybe buy a snack or two it will probably cause about that much or even less.
Our bathtub drain was so plugged that it would take at least 1hr to drain, if it drained at all. We tried 2 other plumbing companies and neither could unplug the drain. We called Innovative Plumbing Pros, and our technician was Anthony Brenagh. Anthony arrived on time, he was courteous, professional, and more importantly he unplugged our bathtub drain. Anthony also explained what we could do periodically to keep the drain unclogged. This was all done at an affordable price. Thank you Affordable Plumbing, and thank you Anthony!
Pros: Convenient location, 24-hour access\n\nCons: Tiny, tiny, tiny. You'll be tripping over your fellow shoppers (follow the flow, folks!!!) and frustrated at the lack of selection. I've waited up to 40minutes in the express line. Sad. Can't wait for the new Loblaws to open down the street.
This location is primarily a neighbourhood club for residents and employees in the surrounding area.  It's a bit tucked away inside the office building at the north-east corner (Yonge St.-St. Clair Ave. East) and lower level with direct access to the subway below.  It's accessible to all GoodLife members (some of their clubs are premium eg. Union station location) and it's a clean, modern facility.  I have visited here on a couple of occasions only as it's not really in my neighbourhood but I happen to be in the area.\n\nI'm generally not fond of clubs in the basement where there is no natural light but this gym doesn't seem that confined as the facility is well spaced and the layout is good.  The only odd area is the stretch area which is a bit raised up  a couple of steps and off to one side.  There are enough cardio machines when I was there during rush hour one time but not all of them have a clear view of the hanging tv screens as there are structural pillars that block angles so I needed to move around to find a treadmill with an unobstructed view.\n\nI find most GoodLife clubs have very good front line staff which is often underrated as this really reflects on the business since initial impressions are important in this industry.  This club is no different as they were very friendly and helpful on my first visit so I made an effort to return on another occasion when I was in the area.  The change rooms are clean and there is enough equipment in both the free weights, universal machines and cardio.  It doesn't have the fancy stuff that the Liberty Village location has and doesn't quite match the ambiance either since it is underground but it gets a 4 star rating for facilities.
After buying a new house, my wife and I needed a few fans. In our previous home we had a fan we purchased there that lasted 9 years. Knowing that Fanco is the place to go for quality ceiling fans we came in to take a look. We didn't know what we wanted, but the staff was very patient with us. After two visits, the second being multiple hours, we finally found a fan, dining table chandelier, and 3 pendant lights that all matched. We made a bold decision and couldn't be happier. Fanco staff was awesome and the equipment is all great quality. We are very happy!
The location was desirable but the outside and inside of the restaurant are very modern and nice. The food was AWESOME and very affordable! \n\nWe had the fried rice and the beef soup bowl. So good I demolished it
LOVE the spiked shakes. Extra shot is only $3 for the shakes. Had the golden burger which was delicious.
Unlike so many of the relatively new restaurant raves and reviews, Kindred most certainly lives up to its "reputation"! We had wondered for some time if the drive from Charlotte would be worth fighting the I-77 traffic to try a new place that might be like so many of the other high profile places that do not live up to their hype. Our reluctance was quickly put to ease; the milk bread arrived and disappeared in a hurry! We all stated if the rest of the meal was as good as the bread, we were in for a treat! We ordered; we ate. We ordered again; we ate again. This kept on until we all vowed we could not possibly hold another bite! Wanting to bypass dessert, the waiter stated if we liked the milk bread so much, we should at least split a milk bread cinnamon roll. Thank goodness we did! Perfect ending to a perfect meal. The drive is worth it and we will be back!
What's not to love!.. just can be a little over crowded; wish they had to store fronts.
Tried this place on a whim. I'd never had cajun food before and I was curious. The restaurant was cute. The decor had a Louisiana-summer-night-on-the-porch vibe. I went with the Crab Landry, a crab stew served on top of garlic bread with fried shrimp on top. The shrimp was outstanding! The stew was hearty and warm. The sweet tea was also really good. Not too sweet at all. It was a bit of a wait to get seated, but it was worth it. I'll certainly be back.
No Lines and Life By Design is very attractive inside with beautifully decorated rooms and the waiting area is comfortable and inviting. Kim is a very knowledgeable Nurse Practitioner who did a thorough exam and gave me an extensive questionnaire to complete so she can get a true idea of my health and where to pinpoint what I need to work on and be helped first. She's very caring and understanding of my individual needs and set me up on a proper nutritional program with the correct supplements after blood work and saliva samples that reflect more accurately my hormone function. Not only does she help fix your esthetic imperfections\/insecurities, but she helps fix you from the inside out. I've had microneedling, facial mask, Dysport for my wrinkles, and I've used their medical grade sauna which was very relaxing and rejuvenating feeling after. I'm going to have ResurFX treatment soon. They offer a ton of other treatment options that are available on their website. You should check em out!
I couldn't have been happier with the service. Although the ding in my hood couldn't be repaired because the hood is aluminum, Jeff touched up the paint and also buffed another spot on the fender. No charge! Wow! I think that the one star review must have been written by the competition or someone had companies mixed up.
This is a nice hotel, centrally located and within walking distance of everything. The staff is kind and very helpful, including the valet. My only problem with this hotel was the bartender, every time it ride to get a drink this one bartender ( short and a red beard) would pas me by at least 3 times to serve others. I may not dress like an executive but I have money too and to be looked over like that constantly was an insult. I recommend staying at this hotel but I highly recommend going somewhere else for drinks. What a douche!
Amazing donuts! The people running the place are very courteous. I know we will be here again and again.\n\nThe bagel sandwiches are also top notch!!
I bet a lot of curse words are said in this parking lot.\n\nParking is a nightmare here. Well, unless you're like me and go at 2:30pm. But even when the small parking lot isn't full... it is super awkward getting in and out of it. \n\nThe workers are nice. Small location, but nice and quiet to bring your laptop and get some work done. A typical visit here you'll see a lot of Myers Park moms. Saw a MP dad for the first time today. Hello nurse. \n\nIt's Starbucks. No big surprises here. You pretty much know what you're going to get. If the parking lot if full, head on up the street to the new Teeter. They have a Starbucks inside.
If there was a way to give a place NEGATIVE stars, I would.  I was told by a friend when I moved out here that these salons had the dumbest staff members around but other than that were good salons.  She could not have been more correct. I have never met a group of more incompetent,  unprofessional people in my life.  I pay for the VIP All Inclusive membership so that I can tan whenever I want in whatever bed or use any service that I want.  This membership is $100. (Not cheap). I had an issue with freezing my account that has taken me nearly TWO MONTHS to get cleared up, haven't been able to tan although I was continuing to PAY my monthly membership,  and then had a bunch of MYSTERY fee's ($75 worth) that NO ONE seemed to know anything about on my account.  Each and every time I went in I spoke with a new employee who was just as baffled as the one before, never receiving any help.  The girls that work there are virtually useless (by no fault of their own) because they aren't allowed to view and\/or correct any errors or make any changes to accounts without a manager's help. They suggested that I call "corporate" although I was told by more than one of the employees that "they probably won't answer or call back because they won't even call their employees back to help them with issues". That was extremely accurate.  I called FOUR times and left messages because the phone just rings off the hook and no one answers and no one EVER called me back. Finally one girl got a hold of her "manager" on her cell phone and I spoke to her and have NEVER had a more DISRESPECTFUL BITCH on the other line in my life. Her name was RAINA and she was BEYOND unprofessional.  Not only did she CUT ME OFF with EVERY sentence I tried to get out, but she then proceeded to HANG UP on me. Since then she was apparently DEMOTED (nothing to do with me so she probably did the same to more than one person) but in my opinion she should be FIRED and NEVER hired anywhere else ever again as she clearly has neither proper customer service skills nor common sense. I contacted BBB and specifically reported HER along with my complaint. She deserves a slap in the face. \n\nGood beds,  but you will have to figure out how to use them completely on your own because the girls will sit at the front desk on their cell phones and no one will show you what to do. You're better off in the sun.\n\nWouldn't recommend this place to ANYONE
So that was Porchetta...\nHow does one "review" eating greasy pig body parts in a bun? EASY like this. \nHave you ever wanted to feel like a pig for half an hour? well come to Porchetta and you will!\nFirst you get in line (like a pig waiting to be slaughtered), As you shuffle forward inch by inch getting closer to the door you become overwhelmed by the sweet smell of sweaty savory swine, it's undeniable how good pork smells but it's also undeniable how good pork taste in your mouth. \n\nThe staff was nice, I ordered the fried chicken sandwich with bacon. It was fantastic but I'm sure it would have tasted better if I could have oh I don't know SAT DOWN TO EAT IT! Because of the small, tight, closed in environment with the heat really ties everything together. All this place needed was an actual troff to feed it's customers and the "feel like a pig" experience would have been complete, oh the sparkling Orange juice sucked. \n\nNotes: \n-Place was clean\n-Staff was nice\n-Food was good with nice portion size\n-Food was hot (temperature)\n-Little to no seating sucks and really makes eating uncomfortable\n-A little messy but fun \n\nI'd come back.
When you walk in you see just a coffee shop but behind what looks like a barista station they create wonderful food. Friendly service, owner came by to ask if all was well, love that. We had The Central Park breakfast and an order of Banana Nut pancakes. Eggs were great bacon crispy,  and 9 grain whole wheat toast (which you can perchase a loaf) was fantastic. The best thing though were the Banana Nut pancakes. Can't wait to go back for lunch and dinner.
We moved to Phoenix from New York. Because the trees and pricing may be different out here we went online to ask for tree removal\/trimming quotes. Four places called us to set up quote appointments. Harris was not the first place to call us, but was the first company to actually drive by and quote us (within one day). When Jerry called with his quote I was very clear about the fact that we wanted other quotes, and the guy was understanding and very nice. I said that another company was already scheduled out a few days later and that he'd have to wait to hear back from us. Again--he totally understood and was appreciative of my communication of that.\n\nJerry called back the next day to tell me that they had two other jobs scheduled near my house the following day, and would I consider having them come out and do the job? Jerry came down more on the quote, and it was too good to turn down. We asked how long it would take to remove one giant, overgrown and double twisted palo verde tree, grind out the stump and also to trim back the mesquite tree, which probably had never been professionally trimmed + all debris removal. (It was a big job). Jerry said that it would take two hours, and said that his guys would be there at 11am, if that was okay with me. He said that he didn't want to be pushy, but he wanted the job and knew we'd all save money. (we did).\n\nI called my husband to confer and he agreed we should go ahead and do it, because at that time, one of the other companies had already driven by and given us a written a quote that was $100 higher than Jerry's. It was a no-brainer so I called Jerry right back and we scheduled for the next morning.\n\nJerry's guys showed up two minutes early (yay!) and the job was finished in ONE hour, on the dot. Unbelievable. You'd never have known that the palo verde tree had been there. The mesquite tree looked amazing, and the yard was spotless - no debris. I could hardly believe it. We LOVE it!  Payment was so casual--I simply called Jerry to tell him the job was done, and I gave him my payment over the phone. It was that simple. Jerry answered some questions we had about drip\/irrigation tubing, and then he also recommended Whittier Tree Farm over on Southern in case we wanted to replace the tree we had removed. He told us that we'd get a discount there for mentioning his name.\n\nWe will call back next year to have them do all of our trees. GREAT EXPERIENCE.
ZERO STARS!!!! With in 10 seconds of sitting down 2 yes two! Cockroaches!!!!!!! Stay away!!!!!!
It's rare that I have a date with my husband on a Monday afternoon\/evening, but this past Memorial Day, we did just that.  After a quick visit to the Science Center (the Van Gogh alive exhibit is a must-see by the way), we were hungry so we headed over to Rice Paper.  Neither of us had ever been before, and we were pleased with our experience.\n\nIt was a tad bit too hot to sit outside, although they do have a covered patio with misters.  We walked in and were seated and greeted promptly by Al, our server.  He's quite the character.  He made us laugh quite a bit in addition to being attentive and making some recommendations.  We enjoyed the stylish renovated house \/ hip colorful atmosphere as well.\n\nWe ended up ordering a few things and sharing.  Highlights included the firecracker shrimp. a spider roll, a shrimp roll, and a zen salad.  Everything was light and tasted fresh.  We really enjoyed the dipping sauces that came with the spring rolls.  They've got such a huge selection of the spring rolls, that I can't wait to return to try some of the others.  They don't have a huge selection of Vietnamese entrees, but it appears that they will custom create a bit upon request.\n\nI highly recommend going for the "food happy hour."  It's from 3pm - 6:30pm and includes $6 appetizers & $1 off all spring rolls.  Such a deal!  We didn't take advantage of it, but the "drinks happy hour" is actually 11am - 6:30pm and specialty drinks are $6, house wine by the glass is $5, well drinks are $4, and draft beer is just $2.75.\n\nIf only Rice Paper was a tad bit closer to home, I could see myself being a regular... Instead, I'll keep it high on my list of spots to return to when I find myself heading downtown!
Love everybody there. So encouraging and helpful and all have different stories and goals that anyone could relate to.
This is a must see!  Very low key and retro.  As the other reviews have mentioned it is tacky, but it is a fun tacky.  The analogy to a limo is spot on.  It was relaxing watching music video's by the bubbling fire pit while sipping some good drinks at a good value.  I also agree with the comment that this would be a good place to eat after going on a bender.  I had an egg skillet that was HUGE and delicious with spicy sausage.  It almost reminded me of a garbage plate in a good way.
Great service. Made a delivery order. Due to an issue with the delivery person the manager brought it.  Food was excellent. Based on another review I ordered the gyro sandwich. Great choice. Not sure when I might ever be back in Pittsburgh, so I am glad I was able order food from Scoops and more.
In my opinion, the three most important criteria to evaluate a restaurant are:\n1. cleanliness of the place and the food\n2. deliciousness of the food\n3. Politeness of staff\n\nReyan Restaurant scores 5\/5 on all three. That's why I'm giving the restaurant 5 stars. For someone who cares about the ambiance a lot, one would probably have to subtract between 1 and 1.5 stars, but I always leave this restaurant so happy and pleased, the ambiance doesn't matter to me.\n\n1. The gentleman who runs this place respects his customers in two ways: keeping the place clean for them and choosing the best ingredients in preparing their food. If you go to the washrooms, for example, you might be able to find some areas of chipped off paint on the walls, but you will not find a speck of dirt. They are always cleaned so thoroughly as if an honoured guest is about to come to use them. With regards to the food, I'll use the shawarma to make my point. I've ordered both Arabic chicken shawarma and Arabic beef shawarma in the past from Reyan, with a preference for the latter, and I ate the little gourmet sandwiches with confidence and without unwrapping them to check the ingredients. In most restaurants that serve shawarma, I order it on a plate rather than on a sandwich because their shawarma involves disgusting bits of skin and chunks of fat, which I consider a sign of great disrespect for customers. At Reyan restaurant, that is not the case. You get served the best cuts of meat and your food is made with premium ingredients.\n2. At Reyan, I've learned that you don't have to order shawarma every time you go to a middle eastern restaurant, but instead open your horizon and try the non-fast food items! Whatever I've tried, I've been so happy and pleased with. The lamb here is spectacular, so delicious and tender. I've tried Lamb with Freekeh, Lamb with Rice, and Mansaf Jamid. I love them all, but I'll mention that the Mansaf Jamid is served with Jamid, which tastes like a derivative of yogurt, so if you're not a fan of yogurt, you'll want to go for the first two instead. Otherwise, try  the Mansaf and explore new flavours! I've also ordered Yabrak (stuffed grape leaves with a few other sides) and Malfoof (stuffed cabbage leaves). These are the best stuffed grape leaves I've had in a restaurant. I like them both, but have a slight preference for the cabbage ones. Another favourite of mine is Basmashkat. It consists of a tender thin slice of beef stuffed with rice and ground beef and is served with mashed potatoes and a flavourful tomato-based stew. At serving time, the chef comes to remove the thread that held the beef while cooking so you don't have to worry about eating it! I have also tried a few other items and have been pleasantly surprised, but hope to get the courage to try more new meals. The food is so clean and delicious and makes you feel comfy you're eating it!\n3. Lastly, the gentleman who runs this place is extremely polite and courteous, which adds to the enjoyment of the food!
Great bartender and service. Ordered take out and the food was excellent. They're back on track.
This is hands down my new favorite Sushi spot. Aside from it being literally down the street from my house, the ambiance is amazing. The "kick ass TJ Sushi was bomb as well as the shrimp fried rice. Also my Purple Haze Martini was superb...I only needed one which is shocking for me. I'm usually a two drink girl. A must return
I'm not gonna lie, but I love Hallmark! They have everything "sentimental" that you need or whatever you are looking for I'm sure they have it "card"wise. I'm a sucker when it comes to good cards and I've never had a problem finding the perfect card. The wrapping paper and bags are pretty dang awesome as well! They have knick knacks that can be collectibles, which is great for mom's, aunt's, grandma's, etc. All of these things can add up, but its well worth it for someone that's sappy like me!
Wow! When I think of crepes I think of fruit and syrup and the like - I don't think of eggs and stuff folded into a crepe. I had the 8am, which is eggs, sausage, cheese, peppers and onion folded into a crepe. It was delish!\nI had a simple coffee, which was good, but next time I'll try the specialty coffees, of which they have plenty\nAlso, when I come back I'll have to try some of sweet crepes too!
I tried regency beauty school a couple of weeks ago and am so glad i did. I went to a different beauty school before that and they had messed up my hair pretty bad. Regency has brought my hair back to where it should be I'm glad that I found them. The salon is beautiful and looks very professional and the staff is awesome.
I have been here a few times but have only had the gyros. Can not tell you about other foods but the gyros are the best in the valley. Taste great and each one has enough  meat and veggies to make two. Would have given 5 stars but it is a bit pricey, not to bad I keep going back.
Thank goodness for Yelp to help me in finding Justin. I had an apparently complicated set up here with a whole house speaker system. I had one other company come out first and they spent three hours and wasted my time and theirs all to tell me they didn't know how to do it. After I read Wright AV's reviews, we called him and he was prompt in responding, very knowledgeable and an all around nice guy. He came out, knew exactly what he was doing, brought all the necessary parts and went to work. It was very straightforward and simple to him. He offered the receiver we needed at a much better price than I could find anywhere online and he made everything all clean and organized with all the wires. He hung two 75 inch TV's pretty high since we have tall ceilings and he even reused an old mount so we were able to return one which saved us a little money.  We're really happy with his rates and services. I will definitely be recommending him to anyone needing technical help.
Great hearty breakfast. Got lost in Newmarket, saw this place and decided to stop by. Good friendly staff highly recommend.
I have had the delightful opportunity to use the services of Kim and Anthony for a long time. I am always extremely happy with my monthly experience. Thank you for being a part of my wonderful "me" time.
Okra is a very interesting place, I found Okra from Yelp but I don't think the food categories of Southern food and Italian food were true to what I saw. On the menu I felt that it was new twists to Southern home cooking but nothing close to Italian cuisine.  Okra has a wonderful ambience, quiet and relaxing, and it has a   beautiful patio and full bar. I enjoyed Okra but nothing I had was super enough to go back.
Took my son to get his haircut and Destiny was great.. She was polite and very professional..
This spot is my new favorite pizza place in town!! Good price for what it is, super good flavors plus the slices are big. Lynn and Luis are super nice and accommodating too!\n\nAlso, try their Nutella soft serve with coffee cotton candy on top. It was a new dessert experience for us. 5 stars all in all! Love everything about this place.
3.5 stars! I came with a large group of about 20 people for a birthday party.  This place probably seats about 40 or so, so we took up pretty much half the restaurant.  A great place for Korean fried chicken.  You can order half or full portions in either boneless or bone-in.  My husband and I ordered two plates of the boneless with spicy Korean sauce on the side and a side of curly fries.  My husband also had a beer. Came to $64 total including taxes and tip. \n\nThe atmosphere is casual, pub-style, with dim lighting.  The waiters tried their best to get our orders out on time but had missed a couple of things such as our friends' meals and our curly fries, which required a few reminders.  I think this place would have deserved another star if the service was more organized and efficient. They did give us $2 off for some reason--possibly due to the delay with our food?\n\nThe chicken itself was delicious and the sauce was very tasty. There are lots of different flavours available, and other side dishes too. The curly fries were all broken into pieces and weren't that great. It was $7.99 and not worth it. Another reviewer mentioned that it wasn't as good as Arby's and that's exactly what I had thought as well! Also had a taste of the onion ring. They were battered, thin, and tasted okay, but again--not really worth it. I heard good things about the cheese buldak but I didn't get to try it.  Highly recommend the chicken though and hopefully the service would be better with a smaller group.
Great authentic food. Great place. And truly I am impressed by the up to date and clean restrooms. I have been to many Chinese restaurants where one would be scared to even wash their hands in the restrooms. Not here!  Very clean and up to date. Nice job!
Our daughter is a regular here and brought us here for lunch today. We've eaten our way from California (we're from LA)  through Mexico and the shrimp and pork tacos at Else's were among the best we've had. The mini bison burgers with that amazing coleslaw were a big thumbs-up too. Absolument délicieux - on recommande un pichet de sangria avec votre repas!
Came in for breakfast with the family and the donuts are out of this world good. The Thai chili Bloody Mary is a must have! There service is friendly and very knowledgeable.
DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY!!!  I ordered tires over 3 weeks ago and have no received them or been able to contact anyone at the company. I wish I could give it negative stars!
Mid-century modern light fixtures, rich red leather booths, dimmed lighting, and televisions showing classic black and white films from the 40s and 50s- Siegel's tries (and mostly succeeds) at establishing a classy retro atmosphere. The menu encompasses breakfast and dinner specials, a series of "sandwiches of the world", and a $19.41 steak dinner, which makes Siegel's not what I expected. The atmosphere is geared more toward a steakhouse, but is instead utilized as a diner. \n\nThe $19.41 steak dinner includes a salad (heads up, the house vinaigrette is a creamy version), sliced sirloin served topped with steak sauce (usually not  something I like, but nicely zesty here),  heap of fresh fries, and a bread plate (which never materialized). The Tuesday dinner special is a country-fried steak with mashed potatoes and vegetables, which was generously sized and solid for the low $11 price tag. We couldn't resist adding on a bowl of their matzoh ball soup with challah, which was surprisingly meaty for $8. \nWe wanted to share a dessert, but upon asking to see the menu, we were handed our bill- guess that makes the decision for us, huh?\n\nUnfortunately, the subpar service kind of ruined it for me. Regulars were enthusiastically greeted, and we were helped in a polite and competent manner, but odd delays (20 minutes between courses, 10 to run our card, the dessert thing) made things a bit frustrating. The location and decor lend this space the potential to be a higher-end restaurant, if they kicked up the menu and retrained the staff.
Third time at this restaurant and always walk out the door hoping the next time is soon. (I live in Chicago).  Food is fresh and inventive.   Every dish we had was mouthwatering.  Don't be fooled by the location.
Great Italian food. Nice cozy dinner calimari was on point..Adela was a great server!
Slow Slow Slow service.   The food was good for me, my husbands filets were tough so he did not like it.  Kids liked their food but waiting 45 for the main course was a big turn off for us.
This Mc Donald's is the worst one I ever been to! when I was ordering 6 mc nuggets and a split mc ice cream the people gave me 7 mc nuggets and I asked for six I'm so mad and for splitting the ice cream they just got another cup cause it was too hard for them last my table was filled with mc pick 2s. I'm no loving It!!!!!
I was really keen to visit this designer shopping outlet, heck they sell designer labels with 60% off! I had been warned by a few friends that it was quite 'neddy' , but I went anyway. It only took about 20minutes by car (ok, I got lost), and there is a bus that leaves from St Andrews bus station regularly.\n\n I thought getting there was the hard part...the shopping centre was huge! There were huge M&S, Matalan, TK Maxx etc etc outlets everywhere, I didn't have a clue where the main centre was. When I eventually found it, it was huge. I had to constantly return to the entrance to refer to the map. They have some decent shops, like Gap, Mexx, Calvin Kline, Armani, Ted Baker, Cruise and Karen Millen. Only the last three are worth visiting, however, all the other outlets were the same with last-years stock (and it's last year for a reason) and really , well, neddy. I was a bit annoyed as all the sizes in Karen Millen were small, extra small or extra extra small. I'm not a big girl, but I'm definitely not extra extra small. Whenever I found something I liked I was met with disappointment.\n\nAlso, although it is supposed to be a discount outlet store, I found it to be quite pricey. 'But it's a designer outlet!' I hear you cry. I know, I know, but paying £420 instead of £840 wouldn't really float my boat.
As an employee of the facility where this shop is located, I am glad that Starbucks was the choice made to be put in this spot.\n\nThe baristas are very skilled and proficient in making my requested drinks, no matter how complicated my, or my coworkers orders may be. \n\nThe spot where the shop is located is also very clean and well kept with adequate seating and room to maneuver around, especially during periods of time when they are extremely busy. \n\nWhether you are an employee or a visitor to this Starbucks, you will not be disappointed.
We needed to eat where we thought we'd be able to order a meal low in sodium.  We came as close as possible, but overall it was still around 700 mg of sodium.  However, the waitress was very patient and helpful and the cook was more than willing to prepare potatoes without butter and salt.  This really made a huge difference!\n\nPlus, they have a binder with a complete nutritional breakdown of their menu items.  Viewing this also helped.  All restaurants should offer this feature to customers.  \n\nOur food was tasty and the atmosphere was pleasant.  It is a very clean and well lighted space.  \n\nI would have given this restaurant 5 stars, but I found it a bit expensive.  \n\nWe would eat. Here again.  It was an overall good experience.
This place is a hidden gem! Great atmosphere and great food! We started with some excellent Calamari then ordered steaks. The filet and ribeye are awesome!
Without a doubt, Aureole is a five star restaurant for food as well as service! I ordered the blue cheese crusted filet mignon (medium rare) which was hands down the best steak I've had in my life. We loved our waiter - Gustavo. He was very personable and went out of his way to accommodate us. The rest of the restaurant staff were very hospitable as well. One of my friends was celebrating her birthday so we asked the host to have some dessert sent out. They sent out a complementary gelato plate for the whole table! I also had a phone conversation with the Assistant Manager, Aaron, who was fantastic as well. I would highly suggest visiting this restaurant if you are in Vegas - I will definitely be returning on my next trip!
Moi j'ai trouvé un peu cher pour un deli je y retournerais pas meme s'il je viens du coin il a meilleure deli que ca et à meilleure prix \nA bit expensive for a deli
I've been a patient of Dr. Wiitala for over 5 years. I work at Central & Camelback and make the 30 minute trip to his office (because it's worth it). I had my first filling in over 7 years yesterday, and I have to say the anxiety of the needle was not warranted. The topical they use is strong enough that I didn't even realize Dr. Wiitala had started giving me the Novocaine! No pain whatsoever for the first time in my life. I recommend his practice to colleagues every chance I get, and I felt so good about my experience yesterday that I joined Yelp - this is my first review.
Leute, das war nix! Hier wird gebastelt, aber nicht gekocht. Eine Kombiniererei auf Teufel komm raus mit unsicherem Ergebnis und ohne Respekt vor dem Produkt. Sowas ist vielleicht schick, aber nicht gut. Nachschauen wie's geht kann man auf der Wielandshöhe. Tut mir leid, aber außer dem schönen Blick kann mich da so schnell nichts wieder hinziehen. Übrigens: Der Service ist stylish, aber schnell überfordert.
I've loved living here. I've lived here for nearly 5 years, and I am only leaving because I am moving across the country.\n\nPros:\n- great office staff. This has been super-helpful for me, as I am a busy professional. They are helpful with packages, repairs, recommendations for local services (e.g., dog walkers, house cleaners, etc), and are just nice people. I've been here long enough that I've seen several waves of new office staff and this is the second management company, and they always go above and beyond. Obviously, they make efforts to have a great office culture. \n- apartment design. I lived in a large 2 bedroom townhouse. I'm a big guy, and the closets are HUGE- plenty of space, and they could fit the extra-wide hangers I need since I have broad shoulders. The master bedroom is enormous, and the guest bedroom was huge, had a full walk-in closet, and a full bathroom. Decent sized kitchen, and the attached garage had extra space for storage even with a car in there\n- respect for tenants. Parking can get tight (... they do have spots for everyone), and I really appreciated that security would tow unauthorized vehicles to make sure tenants had parking spots. The security guard knows both my dog and me by name, and has a regular presence.\n- location. Right across the street from places like REI, Cheesecake Factory, Hofbrauhaus, Doublewide Cafe (my favorite)\n- outdoor access. Literally a few yards from a great rail trail, which I use every day. Great for running, biking, dog walking. About 1\/4 mile from a very nice off-leash dog park\n- decent gym. The gym in the complex has a few machines and weights, and is completely adequate. If you want something bigger, the LA Fitness is a 2-3 minute walk away\n- Maintenance. Timely, helpful, gets stuff done right. They have weekend people on call for emergencies.\n\nDownsides:\n- Price. The complex is priced as a premium property. I actually considered this a positive, as it meant that it catered to young professionals and respectful tenants. I felt like I definitely got what I paid for, in a good way\n- Some dead space in the apartment. The space above the stairwell is deadspace extending to the second floor. Figure it adds $10\/month to the utility cost\n\nOverall, great place, happy that I lived here \n\n\n\nRead more: http:\/\/www.apartmentratings.com\/rate\/PA-Pittsburgh-Carson-Street-Commons-1630044.html#ixzz2PcL9KAkK
Ummm... so this place is my jam! I first encountered Tupelo at their original spot in downtown Asheville. I could tell you what all is good with detail, but honestly everything I have ever had here is flippin' fantastic. I'm talking waddling out the door with a food baby good. I've taken a couple groups of folks here and they have all thoroughly enjoyed it as well. This could be a great place to introduce out-of-towners to southern cuisine being that it has some classics along with some modern interpretations. Tupelo is a local spot and honors seasonal foods which means the menu is always changing and the food is always fresh.\n\nIn Essence:\n+ Amazing food! (local, fresh, seasonal)\n+ Fun cozy atmosphere\n+ Friendly Staff\n+ Great pricing\n+ Group friendly\/Good for visitors\n-Parking challenges at times, but at least it's free.
We love having a place so close where we can easily pick up a pizza or go to for a casual date night without having to drive too far. The food has been very consistent. The only thing I don't understand is it feels like there are always so many employees and for the most part they all just stand around while 1 person does all the work. However, the 1 person doing all the work is always very friendly and we have had very good experiences here.
I've eaten here twice. I appreciate somewhere where I can go and get a meal with some green vegetables that are more than just the garnish and also have some vegan options. My first meal I got a rice bowl and I enjoyed that although it was a little spicy or than I had expected. I realize the description said spicy garlic but I assume the spicy meant the garlic and not the red chili pepper that was also in there. I kept reading about the thyme fries so and my second visit I decided to take the leap and order the fries which is rare for me. I also ordered the peanut bowl gluten free option. The fries were a huge disappointment. I ordered them as a treat, I eat fries once or twice a year. I have no idea what is so special about these fries. There was never a hint of thyme flavor and it's certainly wasn't visually observable. They were just regular fries, nothing special at all, a little greasy and their ketchup tasted weird. The peanut bowl was okay. I'm pretty sure they're fake chicken is deep fried. In my opinion its a wash as far as vegan chicken that's fried vs regular chicken breast as long as its raised properly. If I return to the area in the future I might stop in but I think there's very little on the menu for me and if you want to stick with healthier food you need to order carefully here.\nThe food arrived super fast, a little too fast as I like to wash my hands before I eat. I had no sooner ordered and gotten some water and the fries were on the table. The cashier was friendly and helpful when I was ordering.
One of the few places in Champaign to test your palette.  next to cafe luna,  i would say this is the perfect place to escape for excellent wine, food, and dessert.  Thad is serious about his menu and you feel it when you experience his creations.  Libby always recommends the absolute perfect wine for every course...don't even bother trying to compete with her pairing knowledge.  The food is rather smart and inventive.  the interior is very reminiscent of blackbird in chicago.
As usual, huge line just to get past the two ladies gate keeping, even though there's not much going on in the actual room.  It doesn't help to have several super slow people do eye exams at the same time - four of them have now tied up one of the two reps for 15 minutes. If they are that slow taking a 20 second eye test, they probably shouldn't drive to begin with.  \n\nThere must be a better way to triage this - what they have now clearly doesn't work.  But, probably no one really cares. \n\nBack a few months later.  The two slow moving gate keeper ladies are still there, and the line is even longer.  Between them taking photographs and doing eye tests, no wonder it moves so slowly!!
Where my heart lives. So much to offer. Such a wonderful place to grow up.  After moving to Chicago I realized I missed the cheese, the beer, and the hippies.
Moi et ma copine y sommes allés hier. Une bonne occasion de visiter l'Usine C lieu culte de la troupe de danse Carbone 14. Ma première expérience en musique électronique fût en début 2000 dans le fameux film allemand Cours Lola cours. Depuis, cette musique a évoluée. Or nous étions immergé par cette musique tout au long de cet événement. Comme lorsque je visite le MAC j'aime comme m'explique les oeuvres car je ne suis pas féru d'art. J'aurais aimé qu'on m'explique les oeuvres numériques. L'événement commençait à 21hr et trente minutes plus tard l'activité principale n'était pas commencée. Nous avons quitté. Je n'aime pas être passif et ne pas comprendre. Je vais prendre le temps de lire aujourd'hui le programme.
Stopped in here after an experience In the Escape Room across the street. How convenient it was to just cross the street to Hough's for dinner and drinks!\n\nHough's is a decently sized bar and restaurant with a huge beer menu and food menu consisting mostly of sandwiches and homemade pierogis. I ordered the chicken and waffle sandwich and it was legit! Honestly, this may be the best way to have chicken and waffles. I got tater tots with the sandwich and the portion size was humongous! \n\nI'm a fan of Hough's for their chicken and waffle sandwich alone, but the huge selection of beer is definitely a plus!
This place is so good.  I live in California and every time I come to Vegas, I have to stop here and grab a few goodies and before I head back home I have a few texts from my family members to stop and pick a few more goodies for them as well. Excellent place... So delicious \n\nFirst time today, the service was so bad.  The lady with the butterfly tattoo on her right forearm needs to be trained on people skill\/customer service.  \n\nWhen we were picking out the goodies, she was like anything else, anything else, anything else with this look like she was bothered!  Made us feel very, very uncomfortable.
Harbor Inn has been around forever and is a must stop place in Cleveland.  I have spent many a drunk hour in this place over the years.  And you should really be drinking heavily to be able to ignore the layer of dirt over everything...after a few drinks it just becomes part of the ambiance!!!  You never know who you might run into here...retirees, blue collar workers getting off of a shift, teachers, nuns, local celebrities....
Food was bland. Ordered Carne asada taco and meat was so bland I thought it was chicken\n They argued with me and said it was Carne asada so I reluctantly ate 3 more bites and packed it up to go. Husband ordered red chilli burrito. It was just mush and mediocre flavor. Staff was awkward, not real friendly. Seemed bored to be there. Won't go back =-\/
I am disappointed in this business.  At first, I had high expectations, mainly from speaking with Joe about moving my upright piano down one story (2nd floor condo down to ground and into my rental moving truck).  He explained how he moves pianos and the price was reasonable (he charged me $200).  He and his partner did move my piano down to the ground successfully.  This was last Friday (4\/3\/2015).\n\nWhat I am NOT happy about is the following:\n\n1) he called me at 9:25am to say he should arrive at my place in a few minutes.\n2) he texted me at 9:40am to say he forgot "something" and had to go back.  In my experience as a professional, one does not "forget something" that is important in doing one's JOB.\n3) we were waiting on Joe to arrive because we couldn't finish loading up our rental truck until after the piano was in the truck.\n4) he finally arrived just before 11am.\n\nI paid him cash -- MISTAKE -- and forgot to get a receipt from him to claim moving expenses.  I even tipped him and his partner.  MISTAKE.  I texted him an hour after he left, asking for a receipt.  No answer.\n\n5) I have STILL NOT RECEIVED A RESPONSE.  I left 2 voicemails and 1 email over the past week and NOTHING.  I just tried calling him again 5 minutes ago, but his VOICE MAILBOX IS FULL.  \n\nNOT professional.  Joe, if you read this, I am happy to revise this review pending acknowledgement of my attempts to contact you and a receipt.  When I pay for services, I expect professionalism, just as I do in my own dealings as a freelance pianist and teacher.  Moving the piano is one thing, but a simple text or phone call back is huge and generates a lot of goodwill.
Awesome food, and super friendly staff. \n\nChecked out what fellow yelpers had to say about Sophia's and all sounded pretty great. So we stopped in and gave it a try!\n\nSo I'll just say I do think this place is a bit disorganized, as to the placement of everything and the whole process of ordering, seating, and getting your drinks. \n\nWalked in and there was a huge line, people just kinda standing everywhere.  Once you walk in you realize how tiny of a restaurant it is. But...it's cozy, loved the interior. While you're waiting in line you can look up on to the wall at the menu to try and decide on what you want from all the amazing sounding choices.  Once to the counter you put your order in, and then the wait continues. There are approximately 4 tables, and one little bar area with stools along the window.  And when you're there at a 11:30 on a Sunday morning, you can imagine the wait we had. And when I said this place is tiny...it's tiny. There is really no good place to stand while people are trying to grab their coffee, or water, or go to the bathroom, or put their dishes away. \n\nOnce we finally got to table, we put our name in, and took in the atmosphere a bit more.  I will say...I think it's a pretty neat idea to have 'Group Tables' so you're sitting with strangers, and get to make some good conversation with someone new! \n\nOnce our food came, I was pleased with the presentation of my meal. I ended up getting the 'Grandma's Sweet Cheese Blintzes' and oh my where they good! A bit different I couldn't pin point what they reminded me of. But the sweet yet, sour\/bitter filling, and the light syrup on top, all paired so well.
I'm sad to say that I wasn't very impressed with my visit to this location. The food was just bland. It felt and tasted as if it had been sitting out for hours before we arrived. Sadly, we decided to try this place after the quality of the food at the Whataburger near Central and McDowell seemed to be going downhill. Whataburger used to be one of my favorite fast food places, but with the food at two locations being less than satisfactory, I am hesitant to return. On the plus side, the employees at this particular restaurant at 1346 S Rural Rd were friendly and the establishment was clean.
I should really give Big Bang a four out of ten because it's been too crowded to find a seat, and sometimes even a place to stand, several times I have been there.  I have to give it a five, though, because when I can find some space it is just too much fun!  The performers are unbelievable, and you're guaranteed to have a better night then at a traditional club\/bar.  I bought a really fun (and HUGE) specialty drink with five straws that was plenty for five of us to share, for $20.  So prices were fair.  I just love it!  I recommend going much earlier (right around 8 when they open) to secure a comfortable table for the night.
Awesome omelets, made to order, all day long. We shared a veggie, and the ingredients were fresh, home cooked, tasty, and probably organic. Coffee was piping hot and sported that dark and deep roasted ambiance which perfectly complemented the omelet. And all for under $10!
Owner lacks customer service. He's often in the shop making subs and is absolutely terrible at it. For example my Baja chicken sub lacked the Baja sauce and included very little bacon. I will no longer visit this location.
This place was pretty good, but it was a bit more expensive than the other Indian restaurants on campus. The waiters were pretty nice,  but the took a while top give us the checks.
I just had the best BBQ here at Bobby Q's! I sampled the brisket, pork and pulled chicken. All were incredibly juicy and delicious. The BBQ sauce was great, and not too sweet. The cornbread was excellent. Service was super friendly and super quick. Sadly, I am only in the area for travel and can't make this a new regular spot!
We loved this ranch! The views were breathtaking, our guide was so knowledgeable about the dessert, plants and history of the area. He took his time until we got comfortable with the horses. He even jumped off his horse Tonto (love the name) and took some pictures of us. We took the 2 hour ride and it was very peaceful and just a wonderful time. Cant wait to go back!
Exceptional customer service.  We stopped in on a Friday night and the drive-thru looked a bit chaotic.  Wanting the tasty chicken fingers and delicious fry sauce, we pulled in away.  The line moved right along and all employees from whom ever took the order to the one giving use  the bounty were happy and highly personable.  THis particular day was very warm and I downed my sweet tea in a matter of seconds.  The gentleman at the window was very kind to refill my cup with absolutely no attitude what so ever.  The only challenge for me now that I am in the NW is to not stop by here every day.
I've been coming to Dr. Holland for a while now and have no complaints. My parents referred him to me and I'm glad they did. Very honest and takes his time. \n\nI have a bunch of fills that need to be done. I have a pretty tiny mouth so it gets pretty tiring and painful to keep my mouth open for long periods of time. He always let's me take a break whenever I need one. My previous dentist would always rush instead of giving me breaks so my fillings would always fall out after a while. Dr. Holland doesn't rush his work so I know it's getting done properly.\n\nDon't let the 2 low star reviewers stop you from coming. Dr. Holland and his team are amazing.
My wife and I purchased a puppy from this store a few weeks ago and upon bringing the puppy home we noticed it had persistent coughing. I instantly had to research the store online only to find out it was a puppy mill. As much as we love the puppy and have sympathy for it, we could not go through with the massive $2000 price tag ( this includes fees, AKC recovery fees, dog food, leash. etc) and the requirement to purchase only their dog food for two years in order to receive the limited warranty on puppy death\/ free replacement.\n\nMy wife an I were disgusted with the fact this puppy was from a puppy mill so we researched the contract to find out we had to pay a 50% restocking fee of 729 dollars if we return the dog. Which is silly and outrageous however it would have been the lesser evil of the two to pay the restocking fee than to pay $2000 plus vet bills. So we returned the puppy and paid the restocking fee ( mind you its legal in Arizona to charge up to 50 percent restocking fee) and they said they would call the credit company and cancel the contract which they haven't yet after a few weeks. We received bills for the payments for the $2000 plus dollars owing for the puppy even though it has been returned.\n\nWe are still dealing with them to get this taken care of and it has been nothing but runaround in circles. We may explore the option of taking them to court. \n\nI strongly recommend you do not go to this store to purchase your puppy when there is better and more cheaper alternatives like humane society.
Cozy and eclectic hookah spot on the seasonally busy St. Denis, in December it is dead compared to the protest sized crowds in the summer. \n\nCame in here after my usual 6 hour drive up from NJ to relax a bit with the lady. \n\nHookah was good and the service was ok, they should probably pay more attention to the hot coals as mine and the guests around me all had burned out coals with a server that had no apparent rush to replace them. \n\nMy ladies mint tea was very good and piping hot, which actually annoyed me when I tasted my lukewarm cappuccino and due to my exhaustion could care less at that point to complain. \n\nSome nights it closes at 1am but we were in way past that to about half after and some people being seated around ten minutes to 1am if you think it's worth a shot stopping in late night. \n\nWith some minor adjustments this place could easily be a favorite an d somewhere I'd recommend to friends or on my blog www.travelingcoco.com
Wow, only a year and 1\/2 later... same issues- How many times do you have to review these clowns to get some changes?! Chipotle Corporate tried to help to slight avail  -The last 4 times we placed orders online ..we had to wait another 10-15 mins after the scheduled pick up\nTime for it to be finished.  PLUS, to add insult to injury the store was EMPTY EVERY SINGLE TIME!! Ordering online is supposed to expedite , LOL- Lord have mercy on these slow folks ... last order: they didn't add salsa to our burrito bowls nor did it have much rice even tho it said it right on the  receipt - FAILX10!!
Extremely slow service. There was one sushi chef. We were one of only 3 tables and it took an insanely long time. The fish was just OK. Tuna was not very fresh. They were very very nice though.
I wish I could have given this zero stars. My co-workers and I went into the Weary Traveler the other day for lunch - none of us have ever been there but we all heard relatively good things of the place. \n\nWhen we first entered, the initial shock was how cold the place was. I know that we were going through the midst of the Polar Vortex this week, but seriously there was very little difference in temperature from outside to inside. \n\nThe service was average at best, nothing to write home about except that our server appeared to be very disheveled and possibly might have missed a shower or two.. or three....\n\nOur food arrived, again nothing spectacular. \n\nBut that is where the fun begins... The next day when we all got to the office and reviewed the lunch from the day prior we all began to realize that each of us had come down with some sort of illness. None of us were sick the previous day (or the previous month). The only thing that we can attribute our illness to is this place. \n\nAll I know that is after going through 48 hours of a fever mixed in with severe nausea and a horrible cough, this place is not  worth EVER eating again.
I've been using Accredited for about 18 years. Extremely reliable, easy to coordinate with. The Techs are extremely knowledgeable, honest, professional and get the jobs done correct the first time. Fairly reasonable rates. Good, solid, reliable company
Dont believe the hype.  This place is not that great.  Burger & Beer nite on Wed, is a good deal but not if you have to wait an hour to get seated.  Also, this place IS NOT kid friendly.  They dont have a kids menu if that tells you anything.  I told the sever we had 4 adults and 2 kids, she relys "I only have a 4 top if you want to be seated now".  Soooo, do I tell the kids to wait outside?
After watching him on AGT, it was even more amazing to see the magic upfront and personal. Simply amazing. Loved it!!!!
Don't use this company. Everything looks good on the surface, until I found out they didn't plant the trees right. First storm and both fell and broke.  Arborist said they planted them wrong and roots were twisted around tree, but they planted them anyway. Having my gardner plant bushes where the trees were, only to find out that Straight Line did a poor job installing the valves. It all has to be redone. Not worth the 5,000 I paid to have poor watering system by Straight Line. I complained, but never heard back. They are only interested in selling not customer service. Would have given no stars if there was that option.
Got a coffee early this morning and poured in some half and half. The half and half was chunky and splashed down into the cup. Unacceptable and gross. The kind of thing that you never forget. :-(
Our hungry selves found Xolas after a walk along the beach. The overall vibe was inviting and cheerful. We only had to wait a few mins to get the table by the window. There's something about this place that catches your eye because as we ate many people stopped to check the menu and I felt like telling them to just come in! The fish tacos was completely satisfying! My friend had the fried chicken platter, which was surprisingly light and fresh for a fried dish.\n\nIt was simply a good eating experience. I highly recommend it. Cash only!
Terrible service, I don't know if they're understaffed or they just don't care. A lot of open tables with long wait
After standing in line forever while the cashier talked his head off to a couple talking how everyone knew him as the Costco guy, he then checked out another lady and as she left he said thank you Betty. Then it was my turn. No hello, no than you and no goodbye. This happened as the lady was just throwing our stuff in a buggy. Never asked if we wanted a box so we had to get one ourselves. Then as we walked away, there was someone there without a red jacket so we assumed this a manager. I told her he was the worse cashier I ever met in my life. She just kept smiling and never said a word. So I will go over to the San Tan village area where they have always been friendly to us, even though this one is much closer to my house. Just have no use for rudeness. Last aisle towards pharmacy at 2pm on Sunday July 16th 2017. Didn't get his name but I just referred to him as a-****.
This place no longer exists, DO NOT buy the deal they have advertised on here as the restaurant will not honor it because they have changed names...rude staff, management suddenly did not speak english when I was having issue with the fact that I purchased a voucher through yelp and they would not honor it....10 minutes later.
We need more places like this in Greenfield!\n\nIt's a fantastic whiskey bar with an enormous selection of bottles. \n\nThe family is the original Gough family from the Whiskey Rebellion and the manager Bill is friendly and positive. \n\nI had a Manhattan and a shot of WhistlePig neat. The prices on the whiskey is very fair. \n\nI have only tried one appetizer thus far but will be back to try more food. \n\nI will update with more soon!
Big time shout out to my new friends Kim, Erik and Jay, who provided an outstanding Taco Tuesday experience to this old goofball at the bar as he sat and watched college hoops! Really enjoyed the tacos and the stiff margaritas!
$5.75 for orange juice? It better be harvested from the groves deep within the kingdom of mordor, past the misty mountains and the shire, in a place where simpler things prevail, where a man can wet his whistle in peace, amongst brethren who've also tasted the glories of battle against the army of sauron. Toasts not bad tho.
My favourite place for soontofu! Their tofu is so silky smooth and I love that they serve purple rice, which is a more healthier alternative! Highly recommend.
We've had annual passes for 4 years and this last summer will be our last.  The line management is poor and the park really is in need of beautification and maintenance in its off season.  We did really appreciate the upgrade to the Cactus Cooler (lazy river) and it made the ride so much more fun and enjoyable.  \n\nWnW really needs to address a sewer problem by the bathrooms by that ride - they SMELL first thing in the morning and only get worse as the day grows longer - and if there is a breeze blowing in the wrong direction - you get the foul stench when sitting in the shade in the chairs.\n\nIs it expensive?  Yes.  But if you go at least twice (we go 4-8 times over the summer) it more than pays for itself.
Very disappointing. There were two women behind the counter, I was not greeted when I walked in, not acknowledged in the 20 minutes I walked around (I was the only person in the store)- perhaps if one of them looked up from their phones they would have made a sale. Many items did not have a clear price and the store was disorganized. The only words spoken while I was there were when I walked out the door..."thanks for stopping in".
I'm used to come to this place for a man cut..everytime the service is perfect.\nplace clean, quiet and service fast and accurate.\nI strongly reccomend it.
This place is pretty good! I've been here 4 or 5 times now at both lunch and dinner times. I'm not sure why there's never anyone else in here though. Maybe it's more of a pick up place. The servers are so sweet. Lunch specials are $6.99 and include soup and a fresh roll. Tons of vegetarian options - they do their tofu really well. I recommend the cashew nut with tofu. \n\nI'm still trying to figure out their spice levels. Once I ordered spice level 5 and couldn't even eat the dish. During lunch they don't even ask your spice level preference and it comes with no spice at all.
This place is closed for good now. Drove by and the shop is torn down. Turns out the Volcano Tea further down the street is independently owned and does not accept the stamped cards from the old place :(\n\nI must also add that I have had one of THE WORST drinks made here. I asked for taro slush sans tapioca and got back a purple snow drink...the consistency was that of mashed up snow.  And she did it to my friends drink as well...worst made drinks ever.
The only item that I've enjoyed in the five times I've been there was the most expensive item there-the sushi plate.  Everything else was... meh.  It lacked flavor and presentation and the service was lacking until you were taken to a table. Even then, it was awkwardly positioned near the kitchen door where it was loud and the doors kept flying open every few minutes.  Our request to be moved was declined. \n\nI'd rather go to Ko Fusion if I'm going to spend that kind of money.
CUT is a cut above the rest.  Definitely one of the best steakhouses on the strip.  Can be a bit pricey if you want to dabble into some of the higher end cuts of meats, like the Wagyu, but if you do you will not be disappointed.\n\nThe decor and service is top of the line as are the steaks.  I have had better apps and sides at some restaurants in Vegas, but the American Wagyu I had was phenomenal. \n\nAlso, if you are a chocolate fan... the souffle is the best I have ever had.  Absolutely amazing.  \n\nIf you are in town and willing to spend a little bit, you need to come to CUT.
I had been contemplating LASIK vision correction ever since my father and sister had their surgery performed by Dr. Moretsky and Dr. Cassidy serveral years ago. They both raved about not only the results they received from the surgery, but the professionalism of the entire staff. Having two family members validate an already impressive reputation Dr. Moretsky and Dr. Cassidy have built for themselves got me in the door, but what Dr. Moretsky did prior to my surgery really put my mind at ease. \n\nAfter my initial visit, Dr. Moretsky concluded I was not yet an applicable candidate for surgery. My eyes needed time to settle because years of contact use had changed the shape of my eye. My second visit showed drastic improvement, though Dr. Moretsky wanted me to continue what I was doing to see if my eyes would improve further. The extra time allowed my eyes shape to appropriately change making me an acceptable candidate for surgery. Two days later I was scheduled for surgery. This series of events showed me that Dr. Moretsky was not in the business of collecting money, but vision correction.\n\nThe day of the surgery was made very easy by the staff at Moretsky and Cassidy Lasik. My appointment was at 1:30 pm and I was out at 3:30pm. The actual surgery time was very quick. The only part of the procedure that made me slightly nervous was the suction process to create the flap. It was an intense pressure sensation followed by my vision going black, which is normal. It was an extreme relief to  immediately see, no pun intended, results after the procedure.   \n\nI recently had my 1 month check-up and my vision is 20\/10, up from a contact presciption of -3.50. Obviously results are what really matters but Dr. Moretsky and his staff made it an exceptional experience that I would recommend to anyone.
Great Asian-Fusion restaurant! We were a group of six, we each ordered different appetizers and entrees and we were all very pleased with our meals. Their cocktail list is very original too! Please do yourself a favor and order the banana fosters for desert, you will not regret it and, most probably, will have to order a second one.
Great views, good music, a perfect way to enjoy the Strip without all of the noise pollution. \n\nThe Mandarin Bar is located in the Mandarin Hotel, obvi. This place really is tops, with a fully stocked bar and a great whiskey selection. The look of Mandarin Bar something straight out of the movie Swingers, if it was made this decade, seriously, this is place is so money and I'm pretty sure it knows it. \n\nThere's limited bar seating, but they also have belly bar tables scattered throughout the venue, and booth lounge seating that surrounds everything including the bar. The seating can be very tight if you have a larger group so you'll be better off planning a night out here than just popping in. I would reserve a space near the window so you can drink and snack with a glorious view of the Strip or some sweet airport action with Henderson in the distance. \n\nThis place is smack dab in the middle of the Strip and gives you an almost 180' view of the city so you're definitely getting what you paid for. Quick tip, park on the Harmon side of Aria and just walk over, trust me, this will save you parking and traffic time.\n\nCheers!
Yummy! Pho soup is the best-so many varieties seafood, sirloin, meatball, and my fav #32 chicken noodle.  Rice noodles so GF friendly. Also many varieties of Vietnamese dishes. My husband had an excellent catfish\/veggie plate. \n\nWe also had a chicken\/veggie spring roll wrapped in rice paper. The dipping sauce served with it is superior. \n\nStand alone building in front of strip mall. Very casual, family atmosphere. Fair prices. \n\nBring your own bottle-no corking fee.
Thank you yelp. You never dissapoint me.\n\nOven brick pizza with delicious flavors. Got the Italian Stallion "meat pie". Crisp crust, dough was light, sauce was just delicious. \n\nSan Marzano Tomatoes D.O.P., House-Made Mozzarella, Schreiner's Sausage, Pepperoni, Prosciutto di Parma (Cotto), Sopressata, all just tastefully done. Every bite was amazing. \n\n\n$15 for the meat pie\n\nService was excellent.
This place was delicious !! We got authentic and tasty food with friendly service . This place offers great good without breaking the bank . There was three of us and our order filled all of us up . If you've never tried Ethiopian try it here . We had Kifto and the Abugida Feast w\/ chicken . The spices are amazing ! Try this place , check out my pics.
I've gone here for years.  The staff is really good. My problem is with billing.  I had a mammo recenty and paid my co pay at the time of service. They sent me a text saying I owe for the copay.  When calling in, the man on the phone said they have no record of my payment and will freeze my account until they research it. This happens quite regularly.  Frustrating as heck that I have to find my records to prove it to them.  Get it together billing and stop harrassing.
This place can get pretty crazy crowded in here.  I was definitely a skeptic, but thought it was more than decent after our AYCE meal.  \n\nThe fish to rice ratio for the nigiri were perfect, especially for all you can eat.  Small cut of fish and the proper amount of rice to make this one-bite, as it was meant for, that much more satisfying.  That is my one pet peeve about AYCEs, is they make massive portions and 2 rolls max, you'll be stuffed with just on rice.  Not here...\n\nThe fact that they offer salmon belly was a big score for my guests this evening.  $26.95 for dinner, just ordering a few uni nigiri and salmon belly already paid for itself.  We all opted for AYCE, so sharing was really convenient and allowed us to try more things on the menu.\n\nhighlights for me- \n\ntako poke- though a little chewy with light flavoring, more of a ponzu taste was a refreshing change.\nsalmon belly- marbled like crazy throughout, but that made it that much more buttery\nhamachi kama- fully cooked yellowtail collar bone with a side of ponzu and chopped scallion.  I always find this dish so satisfying to pick at.\nuni- nice delicate pieces gently laid over a bite size amount of rice. The seaweed wrapped the whole rice with the leftover stuck left out to the shape of number '6'.  Rich and buttery, YUM!\nred bean ice cream and green tea ice cream- scoops of heaven, hints of matcha and hints of red beans.  Not the best quality, but definitely not too shabby. \n\nThe albacore, sashimi salad, red snapper were all good too.  The extensive menu included specials for the night, lots of side dishes and the nigiri was the most impressive for me.  \n\nWe ordered but one roll to share amongst the four of us and the sexy girl is a no go.  Stuffed with the California roll as the base, a little piece of the tempura shrimp and bits of scallops on top over too much whatever sauce and whole load of tempura sprinkles.  \n\nMy one other complaint was the temperature was set way too high for the amount of people in the restaurant. We were situated in a corner with the larger table, under the vent and the heat was so uncomfortable, that the blast of cold air from the ocassional opened door was more than welcomed.  \n\nTowards the end of our meal, the service got super slow and ordering became more of a waiting game, so we settled for our dessert a little sooner.  \n\nSushi snob, I am not, but this was a decent sushi joint.  I haven't enjoyed much sushi out here, for the fact of being disappointed in comparison to Hawaii and Cali sushi.  \n\nI'm super excited that we have this place in Henderson.
It's not a perfect gym, but it's a great value if you get in during one of their many promo periods. The amenities are limited and the gym space is a bit cramped, but the location is great and the staff is good. If you're looking for fancy toys and to be seen, this isn't the place for you. If you want to get in and out for a workout close to home or the office for an affordable monthly rate, head here.
The food is not good here, I've had both dim sum and dinner before. It's overpriced for such poor quality. Service is also garbage. I also hurt my tooth biting into bones three different times while eating the Peking Duck lettuce wrap (NOT supposed to have bones) and on top of that the lettuce itself cost $5. I've never heard of an extra charge for the lettuce. Both times were a waste of money and I am never coming back or recommending this place to anyone.
I have to admit, I normally don't like Chinese food. In fact, it's just about the only style of food I haven't fallen in love with at some point in my life. This is a real problem when you live with someone that would die for Chinese food at all hours of the day\/night. \n\nI figured out why I never liked Chinese food when I first ate at Asian Cafe Express. It's because everything I've had has been Americanized Chinese Food!!!  It was like an epiphany and seriously music to my tastebuds when I actually found Chinese food I not only liked, I LOVED! Having authentic Chinese food changed my opinion completely about this cuisine.\n\nI have to agree with the others... save yourself the time and skip the first few pages. Go straight to the back of the menu to find authentic Hong Kong Style fare. Holy mother of god, everything I've tried has been outstanding and each time I leave saying it was the best meal I've tried thus far. \n\nEverything is extremely cheap and the service is superb. The wait staff are always very helpful and knowledgeable about their food. They'll be quick to recommend something if you're having a hard time deciding. Just ask!
This place gets 2 out of 5 only because the food is good here. However, the service is absolutely horrible. The six of us went here to try it out since our usual place has went down hill. The pricing is very good, although they don't have any all you can eat. Most of the rolls are half price! We all ordered about 5 minutes after getting here...keep this in mind. After about 30 minutes, our first rolls began to arrive. We did not see our server for this entire time. And we each got one roll. By the time we finished our first rolls, our second rolls began to arrive, which was fine. But 2 of us at the table ordered chicken teriyaki bowls, and 40 minutes in, they had yet to be seen.  So the two of them sat there with no food for this whole time so far. \n\nAt the hour mark, we finally mentioned something the next time we saw somebody, our server was still missing. They said sorry, and that none were being made as they didn't know they were ordered. After being here for about an hour and 15 minutes, finally they brought out the bowls, but one was chicken and one was beef (Again wrong). We didn't want to deal with it, so we just ate that. They also forgot two of our rolls that we ordered and had to bring it up. Throughout the entire service, our server was seen only once or twice, and that was mostly towards the end. We waited long wait times for refills on drinks, and someone at our table who ordered the "meal" didn't receive the soup or desert promised as a part of the meal. When we got our check, we were amazed to see that they had added 18% gratuity automatically, when we hadn't seen our server at all the whole time. We complained and they took the tip off, and another 10% off the bill for the troubles. The manager was nice about it and seemed sincerely sorry. \n\nWhile we were there, one of the other tables just got up and left before getting their food. And the table behind us was receiving the wrong items. This place needs to get their act together, or they won't be in business long. The food tastes great, but we will not be returning due to the horrible service.
HATE  Nothing.\n\nDISLIKE  Kitchen closed before last call.\n\nLIKE  Friendly staff. Open late. Menu is organized into helpful sections. Location is close to home. Selection of rolls.\n\nLOVE  Nothing.
Sorry folks, no pictures because I was too busy inhaling my food. I went to HLB at the suggestion of a friend who was craving something Asian. I haven't experimented a whole lot outside of your standard Chinese takeout, so the range of cuisines they offer made a good jumping off point for trying something new. \n\nThe menu is vast and can be a lot to take in, but I eventually settled on the peanut chicken from the Thai section. I've had Thai two or three times, but have never managed to find what I tried at the last place on the next menu, so I don't really have a favorite thing to look for. The peanut chicken sounded pretty safe - rice, chicken, peanuts, pea pods, onions, and carrots. I went for two-star spice - I love a good kick but since there's no standardization I'd rather have it be a little too mild than eye-watering hot. \n\nDespite the dish's humble description, it was a really outstanding meal. The chicken was so tender, the vegetables fresh, and the peanuts added just the right amount of crunch. No idea what all was in the sauce, but I'm in. Next time I might bump my spice selection up a level, just to see - two stars was quite tasty but I think I might like just a bit more. I'm also going to have to try their sticky rice. I've had several friends live in or travel to Thailand and it always looks so delicious. Can't wait to go back!
Delicious tortilla chips and guac! I've had the carne asada quesadilla as well. The steak was nice and tender and well marinaded. A little more pricey than your typical robertos\/faustos\/amigos but it is a nice change when you're craving the freshest ingredients and a nice atmosphere to dine in.
We have frequented Zipps\/Gilbert for many years.  Some quality issues led us to try this location.  Simply put...THIS is what Zipps is all about.  Outstanding!  The location is well managed!\n\nOur experience tonight is what led us to be long time patrons of the Gilbert location.  The food was as good as we've ever had at Zipps (or Goldies).  \n\nYears ago the kids worked at Zipps so they have very specific ways of ordering their food.  This time it was focacia's and customized with lots of subs...pretty comical to hear them order.  Simply put...they nailed it.  Their order was perfect...even better than they would get when they worked at Zipps.\n\nWe ordered golden medium wings, extra crispy, extra saucy.  Nailed that too.\n\nOur server Kaycee was excellent...friendly, great pace\/timing, could not ask for more.  The rest of the staff seemed 'on it' from the hostesses to the bussers.  The table was cleared appropriately, food delivered hot and fresh, etc.  Even noticed the manager running food to tables.  Well run location. \n\nWe hope our local Zipps gets their act together.  Until that happens, we will make the trek to this location when we need our Zipps fix.
Clean large dinning area. Clean bathrooms. Hugh portions. We tried a Carne Asada burrito a chorizo burrito and a Pastor burrito. We love all three. First time there and we plan on going back. The green sauce was great. Didn't enjoy the red as much.
Fantastic!!! Amazing kabobs.gets busy but they are very good. Fresh bread is on point!
Emily, our server is a certifiable professional, grade-A cutie and a top-notch server. She started our meal with a smile and kept them coming. \n\nI'm a huge fan of all things chorizo. I have zero qualms with talking about this. There's a reason, it's because it's delicious. There are several options for all the chorizo lovers out there (there are more of me right?). The key is to try and spread out your appetite so you can finish your meal. I failed bad on this. \n\nStarted with the brioche cinnamon roll. Do that. It was Devine. Followed with the El Paso omelet and it was met with a "whoa" from me. Emily, ever the perfect server mentioned this is not an uncommon reaction to this monster. It was awesome and tasty and huge. \n\nThis place was a random Yelp find for us and it was amazing.
I went in to buy some Bare minerals and had hoped to get color matched for a new line of liquid makeup and despite the place crawling with not only regular associates but bare minerals associates touting their new product I was completely ignored. In fact all but pushed out of the way from someone doing a makeup consult on someone else. Now I don't blame her for not helping she was busy but not even a quick hi or can I get someone to help you nothing I stood there for ten minutes and got absolutely no help. This is not the first time I've had iffy service from this store but this was by far the worst.  The only good thing that happened was there was absolutely no line which was amazing considering every other time the line has been horrid.  So I think a little planning is due maybe I'll just start buying my makeup on line I get about the same amount of service.
C'est ici que j'ai dîné aujourd'hui. \n\nL'endroit est situé sur une rue un peu moins passante du centre ville. C'est sûrement la raison des prix si bas! \n\nLe restaurant est minuscule et les fenêtres ont été enlevé pour en faire un endroit presque entièrement ouvert sur la rue. Quelques tables sont disponibles pour ceux qui veulent manger sur place. Pour ceux qui veulent profiter d'un peu de nature, un parc à 3-4 coins de rue fera votre bonheur!\n\nDes paninis à 5.50 sont disponibles en plus d'une dizaine de saveurs (rosbif, thon, oeufs, mais aussi quelques saveurs végétariennes). Pour 9$, vous pouvez avoir un trio avec une des salades (environ 5 sortes) et un breuvage. Quel choix de breuvages! Des cannettes, des jus, des liqueurs, de l'eau, des bouteilles, des cartons... 3 frigo remplis de différents produits! Tout le monde y trouve son bonheur!\n\nNotre commande a été prête en à peine quelques minutes. Très rapide pour 3 paninis! \n\nIl semble que l'endroit soit bien aimé des travailleurs des alentours, quand nous sommes sorties avec notre commande à la main, une file d'une dizaine de personne s'étendait jusque dehors! \n\nJ'ai bien aimé.\n\np.s. à ce qu'on m'a dit, l'endroit est ouvert 24h !
This place is absolutely disgusting! I was under the impression they renovated the rooms now that the linq is open...nope. I honestly have to question if this place is even legal. You couldn't pay me to stay here again
Look no further then Lux Nail Bar to host your wedding party for their manicure and pedicure appointments.  Tom and his team of delightful nail techs will make your day together as special as it can be.  Tom opens his shop to your specific requests of not only great treatment but to food and beverage.  This really makes for a complete experience.  I really appreciated the care that was extended to our party.  Tom and his team were very professional and accommodating to special requests from playing specific wedding videos and allowing our party to bring in food and beverage to celebrate this happy occasion.  His team came in early allowing for set up and then ready to greet our party when they arrived.  Tom made sure that there were plenty of nail techs available to provide everyone ( twelve total) in our party  treatments at the same time which really added to the time together.  No one waited and everyone was done at the same time.  Trust your next girl day to Lux Nail Bar!  You won't be disappointed.
This is a restaurant built for those in retirement. The dining room looks like one you would find in a nursing home. \n\nI went to this establishment about two months ago and my experience is one of the reasons why I made this Yelp! account. \n\nI went there with my other half having heard raving responses from friends and coworkers. When we arrived, we were seated immediately. However, there was quite amount of time that passed until our server got to our table. After that, she was courteous and attentive. \n\nI decided on a Greek omelet with an English muffin and hash browns. I sipped on coffee waiting for my meal to come. It was gas station quality at best. When the food arrived, the quality was average at best. The best part was the store bought English muffin. \n\nUnfortunately, 6 hours after eating from Joe's, I became incredibly ill. And the next morning I had to visit the Emergency room. I was told I had food poisoning. \n\nNeedless to say, I will never be visiting this establishment again.
Ooh la la delicious \nWonderful patisserie - chocolate almond croissant flakey and rich, with a very generous fill of rich almond paste lusciousness. Delicious quiche enjoyed by my husband, the only drawback from 5 stars is that staff told us the quiche Lorraine had no tomato, but we saw some flecks (possible cross contamination from other veggie quiches, so I had to hand it back and opted for a very good chicken Cesar salad instead. This place is a good option for a quick bite before a show or between table games- not a lot of seats, but we enjoyed it!
I come for the create-your-own bowls, not the burritos. The fish is always thick-sliced, fresh, and the scoops are liberal. Here you can get a Lg order with three proteins, plus some surimi crab for no extra charge. This will fill you up. Unlike most other places they mix your proteins in whichever sauce(s) you choose. They have tons of options of great sides you can choose from including seaweed salad (which doesn't cost extra). Easily my poké fix place when you're craving that AYCE sushi but don't want to spend as much $$$.\n***written at a Jaburritos, missing Sweet Poké***
This was a great place to stay in for really cheap. The feeling was happy and excited.  I have three kids and it worked out good.
Well this place has everything I could ask for.. I would say it is the most "authentic" Thai I have found in Arizona.  When I order "Thai hot"  at other restaurants I am left disappointed. Here, my eyes water. That's what I'm talking about! They have quick service and it is family run. The owner's daughters are both vegetarian so she is quick to accommodate and also recommend dishes you might not even see on the menu. She is always there and will come and greet you every time you visit. My personal favorite here is the massaman curry.. The best in town without a doubt. They also serve amazing thom yum soup.. And it literally comes out on fire.. Well, there is a circle of fire around the soup bowl. Semantics. \n\nThis place has recently undergone a facelift. They used to have very over the top dining furniture which limited seating. They have since streamlined and added new booths. There is also a large flat screen usually featuring sports and they now offer wifi. \n\nThe last thing I really appreciate about this place is that they are open late!\n\nHands down my go to place for Thai. I tell everyone and bring everyone then repeat.
Good food. They sell kids meal that is just right for me. It includes a slider (which is pretty much a full sized burger) , French fries (fresh and generous portion) and drink, for like 6 bucks. This is my favorite airport food actually. The bar next to it is a good place to hangout for a beer when waiting for your next flight.
Super friendly and knowledgeable staff who are make you feel comfortable, not sharked. Such a cool little office with a camping theme and their inside showroom is so awesome! Looks like a camping area set up at night. I highly recommend this place.
For a straight forward review, scroll down to the bottom and click "Reviews Not Recommended".\n\n*Update and response to the owner below*: *Is that all you can say? "Get over it", I paid real money so I gave an honest review, everyone else please read my reviews below. It seems like you have a lot to learn on customer service and running a business. Try again next time.
I ordered chairs two weeks ago (on a Sunday). \nThe owner (Lena) seemed great, accommodating (was able to price match) and said that the chairs were in stock but she would call me the next morning to confirm. She took a 50% deposit. \nMonday comes around. No call. \nI call on Tuesday and someone says they'll call me back. No one calls. \nI call on Thursday and someone says they'll call me back. No one calls. \nI call on Friday twice, and finally someone calls me back to say that the chairs will be in on Monday (one week later). \nOn Monday, I call and they tell me the truck makes their deliveries on Thursday so they should be in on Thursday. \nI call on Friday and someone says they'll call me back. 5 hours later, no one calls. \nI call again and finally they tell me to call back on Tuesday morning (2 and a half weeks later). \nAt this point, I'm not even sure if this is a legitimate store. \nThey took my deposit, never returns calls, and keeps delaying their delivery date.
Hash House A Go Go is phenomenal. The service is stellar and the food is absolutely to die for. Breakfast spot of choice whenever we are in Nevada. Took hubby for his birthday breakfast - he had the chorizo hash - yum!!
This place is hit and miss for me...line is 1-2 people or 10+...once you place order they do seem to be quick.  Always seems dirty...YMMV...
Loved this place! So many things to choose from without having to watch ur budget !  It's like your "MUST GO" place to find anything u can possibly need to give ur look that Final Touch! Highly recommend this place !
Waited in line for a little over an hour to get in.  There's also an option to pay $15\/person to bypass the first line (yeah, there are two lines) if you can't stand the wait.  By the time I paid, the wait in line was at about 2.5 hours, so I can definitely see that being worth it.  \n\nThe buffet itself is everything I wanted it to be.  I went to Wicked Spoon earlier in my trip, and wasn't very impressed.  Bacchanal had a much larger selection of items, and IMHO, they were prepared much better.  \n\nThe BBQ pork was unusually delicious.  The tacos were made to order.  The selection of meats and seafood items was out of this world.  I was so full after several passes that I didn't even make it to the dessert island.  I did, however, see that they make fresh crepes, so hopefully I can control myself better next time I visit.  \n\nThe service was great.  Our server was very prompt with drink service and attendant to all our our requests.  The patrons and dress code were about what you'd expect at a reasonably upscale Vegas buffet.  \n\nI read somewhere that Caesar's spent $17,000,000 to build this thing.  It shows.
We have been using this company for over 4 years and have had nothing but good service.  The return calls quickly and always work around my crazy schedule.  Great Company!
CAP EGG AND CHEESE!   PLEASE!!\nIf your from the burgh you already understand.  Original shop in the strip is where you need to go.  Get the real feel of night life after the bars let out and dem folks are hungry.  YES. MAY I HAVE ANOTHER!!
I love dunkin donuts especially the chocolate munchkins' ...mmmh drool\nBut the service here was not inviting.  (lose a star).\n\nThe breakfast sandwiches does not appease my taste buds and the prices for what their worth is not worthy. Overpriced)\n\nThe drive-thru service was slow like slowpoke from pokemon, (12minutes that I waited for 6 munchins & there is no one in front of me?!) If it wasnt my love for those chocolate & glazed munchins I wouldnt be coming back to dunkin donuts.
Second time seeing David Copperfield in this Theatre. Seating and spacing is decent. I sat towards the middle both times, and the view was fine (not sure about from the back). There aren't too many signs to the location compared to Ka, but it's fairly easy to find.
This is where I go to get my fishing supplies, so I can create Gyotaku prints. They have a expansive collection of everything you need. \n\nThe staff is friendly. Sometimes you will find an employee that fishing experience and sometimes you won't.\n\nI personally believe this is the best place to get a fishing license.
My hubby and I LOVE Sushi. We have been all over the valley and we have our favorites. This place is definitely NOT our favorite. Wont be coming back. Prices are too high for quality. Came for Happy Hour and Their menu for it sucks. They have like 5 rolls no one wants on it. Too much rice on rolls. Rolls are loose and fall apart easy. And overall taste of the sushi was EH. Paid $44 for 2 people on HH. Tomo near by is much better!!
Improperly staffed. One lady tending the bar, waiting tables, and probably cooking too. The burger was tasty but the sausage gravy was not so much.
Cora's does breakfast right!\n\nThe restaurant has such a cozy, homey feel to it when you walk in. With simple menu drawings on the wall and the courteous staff, you feel so welcomed.\n\nCora's has so many different options that it may become frustrating, but trust me...you really can't go wrong. We came on 2 separate occasions in three days and I ordered the 1990's harvest and the crepe panini. The 1990's harvest consisted of cinnamon french toast topped with fruit. The cinnamon french toast was just scrumptious and the fruit is always a great touch. Taking a bite of the crepe panini, I definitely found myself saying...winning! Such a creative idea and so tasty!\n\nWhere Cora really shines is their presentation...quite possibly the most beautiful plates of food I have ever seen. Order one of fresh fruit menu items and you won't want to take a bite of the food and mess up the beautiful design. \n\nIf I lived in Canada, I would definitely become a regular at Cora's!
The reasons Mandalay bay losses it's 4 stars.\n\nOne star: we asked for two rooms both with two beds and instead got 2 rooms with two kings. After yelling at the manager did they change one of them to two queens. They said they had more but on group was too lazy to move and we're fine with it. \nSo while there were plenty of 2 bed rooms, and the reservation was made for a 2 bed room, only the manager was able to give us a two bed room. \n\nOne star: we needed a fridge for some stuff and they had to be asked 3 times for a fridge. On the third time they brought it to the correct room. Trust me, we were enunciating.\n\nThe rooms are rather nice and spacious. The beds are great and the bathroom could house 2 more people if you really need it. \n\nThis review is written in the winter, but I hear the pool and spa are to die for.\n\n2 stars: customer service is constantly an issue. You try to give them some information and instead of listening they ask you point blank "why are you telling me this?" Which is either preceeded or followed by the question asking for the information. Tell them your name and what you reserved they mutter under their breath why are you telling me.... of wait, what did you reserve again?\n\nFking listen, we know you are barely on the vegas strip and you need a nude pool to get some people to even think of this hotel, but jesus get your shit together people and train your staff.
Nice place with two bars and a huge front patio.  Had a couple of beers with my buddy and the chicken wings for a snack.  No happy hour yet so it was a little pricey.\n\nOur server and bartender Erin was a jewel.
Finally got to Greenberg's for their Pastrami Sandwich.  As I watched the little lady do the slicing, I was thinking, man, she is piling it on. My mouth was watering with anticipation. When she placed it on the counter, that pastrami was bulging all outside that rye bread like a fat lady in tight spandex.  Man I was ready! Then I bit into it.  Where was that  Pastrami flavor? I salted. I mustard it up, to no avail. Where was that peppery taste?There was also a fatty taste that lingered all up in my mouth. I checked the meat and there was the normal amount of fat to it. I couldn't figured it out. What happened to all the hype about this deli? Maybe it was a just a funky slab that day. I will give it another try, because you can't beat that meat pile up  for Ten Bucks.
The thing about Komol is that they cater to Vegans and Vegetarians alike (myself included) and the food is actually good! The service is pretty good as the people are friendly and frequently check up on your drinks to refill them. My fav. here is the Pineapple Fried Rice and the Tofu Satay.  I love the spicy-ness of the Fried Rice and if you love spicy, say '10' to let them know how hot you want it... it's spicy but not too over the top. The peanut sauce for the satay is killer and I make sure to always get that when I come in.  Plus, the food is cheap and this place, although it SHOULD be crowded, is more of a quaint, tranquil atmosphere on most occasions; a characteristic I definitely enjoy.  I've also had the combination vegetable appetizer on many occasions and I enjoy that as well.
Yes, get your chimney cleaned every 2-3 years- it could save your house!\nWe had not cleaned our fireplace chimney ever- and who knew if the previous owners ever cleaned it? So it was time. We searched on Yelp and found this company, and called. They guy was here in 2 days, on time. professional, and likable.\nHe cleaned our chimney, and sold us a chimney top...which helps keep critters, stuff and water out of the chimney...we needed one and better to be safe than sorry. The whole process took about 1 hour. Really nice and simple. \nThe fireplace is now ready for the holidays and we will feel assured that we can burn wood all winter long with no worries. \nTotally worth the peace of mind.
The staff at Share More Smiles are always friendly and happy. All 3 of our boys have had their Ortho by Dr Moore and his staff - and since they're each 2 years apart - we had a choice for each boy and happily took our business here. Our appointments have always been timely and we never feel rushed if we have questions. Top notch and recommended to others often. :)
I have been to at least 15 beauty institutes in the past 15 years, and this school is HANDS DOWN the cleanest, most professionally-staffed academy I have ever visited.  Thanks to Tiffany's superb training and skills, my facial was more thorough and more relaxing than many facials I have had with licensed aestheticians (which cost me 4 times more money).  Also, try the vichy shower -amazing!!
been with T-Mobile I believe for 15 years. What happened today at a T-Mobile store today was disappointing. Was purchasing a new galaxy six curve. The salesman was new and scanned the wrong phone. He charged me for a restocking fee of 50.00. I can't believe I had to pay 50.00 restocking fee for a phone I didn't pick out or want. Manger was very unprofessional and rude.
I was super happy with everything here the last few months, but I made an appt. there's a 10 min grace period for appt I understand. I call to tell the girl I'm going to be in that grace period so they don't think I'll no show. Instead of understanding she tried to tell me the lady leaves if I'm not there by the grace period. I und this but I am now (during conversation) pulling up with still 2 min to go and she is trying to make me reschedule and making me feel really uncomfortable. So here I sit outside of European wax with my two min left writing a bad review in place of my good one because she made me feel so uncomfortable I didn't  wanna go in anymore. \nThe grace period is there for a reason. I was in that grace period. I dont however like being made to feel stupid or bad when there's a grace period for a reason.
Visitinf from Dallas, TX.. saw this place while driving by and by its apperance, had to try it out (lunch).\n\n-has outdoor service with heating for cold\/chill days\/nights\n-very roomy, very appealing, good TV's all around\n-food was good, had chicken fingers medium\n-service was hum ok, all i can saybis make sure you get all what you need when ordering, it does take them a long time to get blue cheese or mayo as well as having your drinks refill.. and nope it wasnt even a busy lunch.\n-would try this place again, humm prob not.
We ordered to go - Veg Hakka noodles was one of the items. I don't remember reading anything about spice levels regarding the item. The person who took my order did not ask me about the spice level I want. After coming home, I very eagerly opened my Togo to only find that it was the spiciest I had ever eaten. Inspite of adding 5 spoons of sugar to it, my tongue was on fire. It tasted like at least 10 or more red chillies spicy. I called up the restaurant and inquired about this. Their response was that Veg Hakka noodles is usually at that spice level. The person who took my call doesn't know who took my order. He also said he doesn't know why the other person did not ask me my spice level. This brings two points: 1) How am I to know that there is a set spice level for something? 2) If at the time of order, no spice level preference has been mentioned, why is the default spice level the highest? 3) Is the person taking my order trained enough to ask all pertinent questions? Horrible experience! If there is a chance to give 'zero', I would!
My family went to Buca for my mom's birthday, and we had a great experience. The service was wonderful, every person we encountered was polite, attentive, and it was perfectly paced - they were always around to fill water and top up drinks, but never obtrusive. \n\nWe started with the nodini (garlic knots) which were great, and the carpaccio piemontese, which was unreal. There was a great combination of flavour with the cinnamon cap mushroom and fermented garlic. \n\nMost of my family had the spaghetti al Nero di maiale, which was pork blood pasta with smoked burrata cheese. It was spicy and delicious. \n\nBuca has great food, great service, and a great atmosphere, I would highly recommend it!
This place has pretty good dim sum but be prepared to wait for a table or get there when they open! In other words, on the weekend, get there by 10:30am. Of course, once you get your table, the food comes to you so you don't have long to wait for it.\n\nThe salted fish fried rice is awesome... and they have pretty good chow fun too. The pan fried egg noodles were a little bland though.\n\nI can see this place being great for big groups and even banquets. Service though is typically rushed and brusque.\n*****************************\nDinner here is a totally different experience than dim sum. The restaurant is practically empty at night! Food is still very good and service has more time to smile and check back with you.
I haven't been here in years. And today I remembered why... The food is garbage! I only ate it cause I was super hungry. But I must say. Their staff is very courteous and friendly!
Have dined at this restaurant several times and had positive experience each time.  Once for a party of about 30+, service friendly, prompt and food excellent.  Lunch excellent as well.  Had Crab Cake Sandwich which I loved.  Prices very reasonable.  I plan to go back.
This is a pretty large LCBO so the selection is solid (in terms of what we can get in Ontario).\n\nThe store is well maintained and there are a ton of staff. The few times I've been here on a Friday or Saturday night there has been no less than 3-4 tills open and therefore the lineups are kept short (2-3 people deep at most).\n\nNov. 30-day challenge 42\/30
Amazing customer service!! Alicia was very nice over the phone and gave me all of the pricing options that I requested. And then Peter did an amazing job printing it. He double checked with me that everything was correct and even called me to make sure that he was doing exactly what I wanted. They are by far the fastest turn around in Las Vegas. I ordered it at 1 pm and picked it up at 4:30. Their prices are the cheapest in Las Vegas too. I'm crazy and price literally every printing place before I choose the one I go with. I drive myself it's but consider me doing the research for you lol!  This company is amazing and if you need any printing services done they are the one to go with. ALSO, they have the best Yelp deal out of all the places in Las Vegas. I will be doing business with them for everything I need in my store from now on. Super super happy! I will post pics of what I ordered soon.
We were a party of 5 and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.\n\nWe ordered about 10 - 12 dishes, everything was amazing and flavourful, but we particularly loved their Tom Yum Soup $6, Squash Fritters $7, Khoi Soi with Shrimp $9 and Green Chicken Curry $8. This was my first time trying the Khoi Soi and oh boy, the curry was delicious. We also had a second order of the Papaya Salad $5.\n\nThe only complaint I had was that I had reserved the table by the windows (quite nice considering the windows\/glass were opened, allowing you to people watch, just like at Khao San Road), but arrived to find that it was given away to a bigger party. I quickly overlooked this. Staff were great and the ambiance was quite nice. Good food, good company, a pitcher of sangria and a few beers, I'm all smiles.\n\n\nParking - Street or in the lot right across for $6\nFood - Tapas. No Pad Thai and the Thai Iced Tea was too sweet\nBusiness Hours - Daily 11:30 am - 2:30 pm, 5:30 pm - 10:00 pm, Thu - Sat 11:00 pm
Food and view was amazing!! The ambiance was spectacular. The service by our sever Amie was horrible, extremely rude. Bad attitude, if you want good service would recommend a different place.
Excellent\n\nLaksa is not on the lunch menu, but it comes out first. Other items that should have been faster like the Hainan Chicken Rice came out last. Strange but just to let others know, don't shy from ordering it for lunch if you're pressed for time. \n\nEverything is good and authentic. Lunch service was quick and the Satay came out surprising fast, especially compared to their old takeout place across the street.
This used to be a very good place but now it's completely different. The food quality is average and they charge service fee even though the service is very very poor. I don't recommended this to anyone due to the lack of customer service.
Worst place I've ever been!  Went for dinner they had no hostess to seat you at the table. I asked at the bar if I could seat anywhere and they said,yes.  Waited 15 mins no one came to get my order and the place was not even full of people.  I am giving them 1 star just because I have to in order to post this. They really need a better manager at this restaurant.  I see this restaurant closing soon!
A great pharmacy! The folks were super helpful when we forgot some meds at home. Then Jessica put in a coupon that saved is big $. Definitely recommended!
I cracked my iPhone 6 screen one again, went to these guys since they are at Tempe now, got same excellent service as I did last time, walked out with my phone repaired 20 minutes later. I highly recommend them!
The family and myself went for an early dinner on a Friday. There was about a 10-20 minute wait. We got sat pretty much after about 10 minutes. The food is good and taste great. Don't be fooled by the plate size. I tried the meatloaf and it didn't look it was going to fill me up but it did. The gravy is good and the vegetables were amazing!... the tables are a bit small if you have a big group or kids in high chairs (we had 2). The service isn't bad but I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 5 cause I believe the prices are a little high for what you get.
Portions were small, flavor was OK, thank goodness friend of friends paid for the bill... 4 girls he just met, he was crazy! Sweetheart, but crazy! \n\nThe food was flavorful but the portions were small. Their Lychee Martini was f'n D'Lish! The only thing is that, well, for the price, I would've expected a whole lot more food.\n\nIt's not a bad place for drinks and maybe appetizers. Will I return? Probably not.
I had a good tuna melt.\n\nI just want to say that review that girl Jan made was so not cool about what she said about "that middle aged waitress" was so not fair. Sometimes people can't retire and have to continue to work. I hope when she gets old she doesn't have to do the same. Messed up!
Great for a romantic get away. Good breakfast. I would not recommend this place for families since I'd like to stay here again. Bronte restaurant across the street makes the food for this hotel.
My wife and I use to love this place but the past few times we have visited, it's definitely not what it use to be. The sounds didn't work on the tv at our booth.  We use to come in almost every Sunday to watch football but now they severely reduced their usual menu till 1 pm in Sunday since they share a kitchen with the place next door. There is usually open seating so it's nice not having to wait, but definitely not the same great experience we use to have.
We love tapas and have tried a number of tapas restaurants in Vegas.  This was our favourite - atmosphere is inviting and the food was outstanding!  \n\nWe had the eggplant canneloni, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, pork empanadas, duck roll, mussels,  lamb skewers and the sliders.  All of it was excellent and very fresh.\n\nGo at happy hour (3-6 pm), and all the drinks are half price.\n\nThe only downer - The busboys and servers were friendly, but our waitress seemed like she had better things to do.  She did her job, took our order and no further.
Admittedly, I have never been in the actual restaurant - only downstairs.  I don't consider downstairs as part of the restaurant, it's more casual and an atmosphere I prefer.  There is a certain underground flair at this place, it's dark, romantic, cool, and lounge-tastic.\n\nWe usually go to take advantage of the small plates.  You can have scallops wrapped in bacon, blue crab tostada bites, brie and steak bites for under $25.  \n\nThis is one of my favorite places, the food is always consistent and the staff is absolutely wonderful. Make this a staple in your week, especially after a hard day at work.
I had a great experience at Fino. Jose did my haircut and he did an excellent job. He explained how to manage the hair style and didn't try to sell me on products but discussed what type to look for. I'll get another cut from Jose.
If you don't like EDM, stop reading here.\n\nMy buddy and his girlfriend invited me to light, (they bought me a presale ticket, so I would have been a jerk if backed out).\n\nWe went on a Sunday night during labor day weekend.  The headliner was Nicky Romero (who failed to show up at 1 OAK the night before).  \n\nThe layout of the club is pretty nice, a dance floor area with the DJ at the center, tables one level up surrounding the dance area, and then several levels for "mezzanine" viewing.  There are two or three bars so you don't have to wait forever to get a drink and whoever's managing headcount in the club does a pretty good job of making sure its not packed nut to butt.\n\nThe highlight of this place, obviously, is the lighting.  I couldn't count the number of lights and led displays they had on the ceiling and walls, it was nuts.
Excellent food. The Spice jerk crab was one of the single best items I've had in my lifetime. And I don't even like crab. The pork chop was very good and the steak fillet, which my friend had was very good as well. The bloody merry we had also had an interesting look although I didn't taste. The Foi Gras was absolutely excellent. The Putin was fairly good, although it was the first time I've had putin so I don't have anything to compaire.\n\nBe ready to make a reservation well in advance (I think up to a month advance is allowed) and come on time. The restaurant is not that large but I didn't feel crushed by too many people like many of these boutique restaurants.
I've been to the better green grotto down warden and steeles so coming here I was pretty disappointed. \n\nIt was quite on a Tuesday night but servers are slow and inattentive. Yeah sure we got the quite pretty server but it took years for the pancake and condensed toast to arrive. Also took 3 reminders for her to be given water which was (gasp) served in a flimsy plastic cup. I had the raspberry almond pistachio cake which was plated well and served quick but it took over half an hour for my friends sweet potato pancake. Also ordered the Hokkaido milk tea which isn't worth in my opinion.. $6 for a large lol. \n\nBut hey free popcorn!
This place was just about the most un organized place I've been to. I I asked for a callus treatment and I received one but when she went to scrub my feet she told me I couldn't get all of it taken off.  also in the state of North Carolina we all know the famous cheese grader well I do nails myself and that tool is illegal in the state of NC. Never will I recommend this place to anyone. Also my friend didn't ask for a callus treatment and they try to charge her for one.. worst place ever!!\nthey'll talk about you and make it obvious too
Kurt returned my call very promptly, came out and fixed my door issue. Very knowledgeable man. Definitely going to use him in the future.
This place is awesome.  Fresh homemade food.  Great happy hour on craft beers.  Highly recommended!!
Super friendly staff! \nTook my phone in with a cracked screen,20 minutes later I walked out with what seemed like a new phone !  they quoted me the best price I've seen in town with a free screen protector & case! Nice fun place to go. Staff is amazing upbeat and friendly. My go to place for all my iPhone needs!
Woooow! It's like I was in a real Sicilian kitchen. Don't get fooled by the strip mall setting and the simple decor, the food is delicious! Best Italian o have ever had. The ingredients are so much better too-- it's not all the grease like at some places. It's just deeelicious. Family owned as well which is always a plus.
We have 2 used cars and are at the point in their life-cycle where some major maintenance\/repairs have been required. In the past we've gone to a number of places but always felt pressured and uncertain why they would recommend certain repairs or if it was needed at all. I've NEVER felt that way at Automotive Specialty Services. They have walked me back to look at my car and explain everything that's going on with my car - good\/bad\/indifferent. Any maintenance or repair work we've done here has always felt like an informed choice instead of a risky gamble. \n\nThe customer service and friendliness is hands down the best in the area! Diane is awesome to work with and goes above and beyond making sure she explains everything up front, communicates during and after the work is done, and even follows up afterwards to make sure everything is satisfactory. They've always arranged a loaner (free of charge) for us whenever we need to bring the cars in which is very convenient. \n\nThe prices are average on major repairs and maintenance items (we've priced several repairs at other locations as well) and are ALWAYS cheaper than the dealer - I don't know how anyone could ever go to the dealer for big ticket items unless it's covered under warranty! They do have some good packages that could save a tremendous amount of money for things like oil changes over the life of your current vehicle AND your next vehicle! Plus you get a discount on other work. We also just got tires put on and cost was good compared to other places for the quality of tire we were looking for (no Chinese off-brand tires that last 30k miles). \n\nI'm happy to keep going to Automotive Specialty Services and recommend others go there as well if you're looking for an open and honest mechanic that doesn't pressure you and scare you into costly repairs. I'm sure there are some places that could provide cheaper repairs but I've been burned in the past by those "short-cut" fixes and ends up costing more in the long-run.
1st stay and most likely my last. Room and hotel lobby was very clean and nice. Parking is quite a hike and we couldn't find the lobby so we were wandering around with our heavy bags. There was no one to ask directions to, no map and no signs. The hotel has a very awkward layout and we got lost numerous times. Upon checkin I was reminded that I had a $100 credit with my leisure package I had booked. At checkout I was told I had no $100 credit. The manager called me dumb said I was incompetent at booking online. the pool is small but luckily occupancy was very low as in parking garage had 20 cars and maybe 20 in vallet. many shops are vacant so no shopping besides a market. Lake was pretty as well as scenery. Pool bathroom was very dirty and wasn't stocked with toilet paper or paper towels for our entire stay.Couldn't find info of restaurants onsite or find them so we ate off site. Stayed at the JW Marriot in Summerlin in the past and that's where I plan on returning to.
For the outside, this place looks like nothing special but on the inside it's beautiful. The decor is rustic and gives up an authentic Latin vibe. \nI got the pork and my cousin got the chicken. They were both flavorful and came with tortillas and bottomless rice and beans (cool right?). \nMy sister got the veggie burrito which was so big, she didn't finish it. \nThe margarita didn't have much alcohol however, it was okay. Very friendly service !
.... my first time was a sunny afternoon in May, in the cool shade of the Evergreen Brickworks.  Six dollars?!  This better be good, I thought to myself.....\n\nThat was two months ago, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about that mouth slathering, soul-filling pulled pork, guacamole and tortilla sandwich.\n\nI've been a bit of a boring adult these days; meal planning, watching my language, posting mommy-blog-esque quips on facebook, staying off yelp because I had nothing new or exciting to review... So when I found out that FG's was going to be at the Wychwood Barns beer market I dropped that ladle for the chicken soup I was making for my sick husband like a hot potato, ran across the street and then straight back home to enjoy my two sammiches.\n\nThe pulled turkey with purple slaw and bacon jam was tender; sweet but also savoury in all the right places.  \n\nThe beef short-rib and homemade kimchi made me break out in a post-coital sweat and I assured my husband that, yes, it is THAT good, while I tried to speak between bated breath.\n\nThat was lunch.  I just enjoyed the second halves of each sandwich for dinner.\n\nI'm afraid I didn't get the proper names of any of those sandwiches, I do remember them being quite clever.  You will have to find out for yourself next time Fidel Gastro's pops up near you.  And please, give my regards to the one with the bacon jam.
Love the lunch buffet special. Great variety,  clean and they keep it refilled.  With laundromat two doors down its a perfectly weekly treat!
Decided against eating here.  I don't care how big your cowboy hat is, if someone (A VERY HUNGRY SOMEONE WHO JUST SO HAPPENS TO POTENTIALLY BE A PAYING CUSTOMER!!!) politely (VERY NICELY, AND EVEN TOUCHING YOUR ARM A BIT AS A SIGN OF CAMARADERIE!!!) asks you why there is no salt and pepper on your table, you don't laugh at them.  This is not highschool and you are not some dirtbag janitor that goes around smoking hash-oil behind the dumpsters and teasing all of the kids that fall off their skateboards and tossing dirty mop water on their shoes when you clearly saw that they were walking by and trying to talk to a girl.  I know FOR A FACT that you are not a janitor because the washrooms are pee-smelling and are not adequately stocked with tissues.  Not exactly the sort of place for a satisfying cry-break.   \n\nNOTE:  Also no ketchup or vinegar (apple cider or white) to be seen.
Asian Ribs, yep you'll wanna pass on those unless you like bones with asian five spice powder, no need for actual meat, you won't eat them anyways.  These went great with my white rice dish that had some dry chicken and paper thin carrots as a garnish, the peanuts were fantastic, they nailed that!  Lettuce wraps were just okay but after the other culinary delights it was hard to feel we got our $32 worth.  Someone wrote Chinese food meets Subway, couldn't agree more!
My favorite yoga place!! They're different from he other hot studios cause they offer a variety of classes, classes are usually only an hour, and it's not crazy hot. I'm still always dripping sweat but I don't feel suffocated. They even have a non-heated class, Yin, which is amazing after a long hike or hard workout. They have a standard class which is similar to bikram with a lot of static poses and a flow class that's different every time which is amazing- who wants to do the same class every single time?? They also have tons of workshops and specials. The instructors are amazing!!! I've had Jacob, Jeanette, Mark, Tiana and Karli and they all have very unique classes with different moves, styles and music. It's not stuffy at all, the instructors do great job of making everyone feel welcome and giving modifications to beginners and experts. They make it fun, a lot of studios miss that piece. The studio is VERY clean and the prices are reasonable. $5 Friday is the best way to destress from the long week and get the weekend started on a healthy positive note.
The food & service was great and all but I feel disrespected. I paid with my hard earned money to have songs played on the jukebox. I wanted to listen to my favorite song (All Star by Smashmouth) four times in a row while I enjoyed my appetizers after a long day at work. So im going about eating my fried pickles, which were great btw, and my song was played twice so I was enjoying life. As I continued on and the song was about to come on for the 3rd time it WAS SKIPPED. I didnt think anything of it at 1st but then THE 4TH TIME WAS SKIPPED AS WELL. I paid with my hard earned cash to just enjoy my favorite song and it was skipped even when I paid for it. I expected more from such a fun place. Im just disappointed this time around.
This is a necessary review update to eat my words, since I keep eating LBT's amazing sourdough, kouign amann, and...coffee macarons! Earlier, I stated that this wasn't a macaron place, so as not to leave macaron-seekers disappointed (some people leave crappy reviews because they can't get their macaron fix or if they painfully realize that "soup du jour" doesn't meant "soup everyday", and that's just wrong.) \n\nIt started with pink heart-shaped macarons with fresh raspberries for Valentine's Day, and now it seems that assorted flavors of macarons are taking a place in the display case! I selected a coffee flavor (pistachio and raspberry were also available) for $1.20. It was medium-sized with perfectly chewy cookies, delectable coffee buttercream, and an invisible sign stating "made fresh this morning." On a more disappointing note, my beloved cannele had the taste and appearance of yesterday's leftovers. I truly missed the crisp, caramelized exterior.\n\nThey've also recently introduce kouign amann, and I would pick this version over Bouchon's, every time. When available, the French Onion soup is vegetarian (no meat stock) and a great choice on a cold day. The shredded Gruyere mixes nicely into the buttery soup base. I never leave without some bread, and I haven't encountered a disappointing loaf so far. If the sourdough baguettes are sold out, I've opted for the 2 lb. sourdough or a Parisien; both are larger and last at least an extra day in my house. LBT's sourdough is the best I've ever tried. It has a remarkable, bubbly crust and an addictive sour flavor.\n\nCrepes are another new addition to the menu, and I will try them soon. Just waiting for that tarte tropizienne!
We were seated right away, host was very friendly and seemed to like his job. The food was OK, (mac and cheese was great), but stay away from the soup, not worth the upcharge. Waitress needs a lot more training in how to pretend to appreciate the fact that we went out of our way to stop and give Longhorn steakhouse and her our hard earned money. She was the most unfriendly person I have ever come across. Never once did she bother to smile or thank us.\n\n  I know in this day and age you can't ask a lot out of people, but I have had better service at Taco Bell.
What a treat to find a beautifully decorated, first class establishment right in my backyard! Brio is wonderful. \nThe three things we look for in a restaurant are service, ambiance and food quality and presentation.  The service is excellent with attentive greeters, wait staff and bar staff.  The ambiance of the restaurant is that of a Tuscan restaurant.  And to complete the trifecta, the food is presented beautifully and tastes as good as it looks.\nIt titillates your tastebuds and is aromatic with a variety of aromas, not just garlic, like many other Italian restaurants.\n\nYou must make a reservation. Brio is popular and with good reason.  When you are seated, warm bread and flatbreads are delivered to your table.  The servers we have had are all enthusiastic, attentive and affable.  They're knowledgeable about the food and stop by regularly to see how you're doing.  \n\nThe specials always are fantastic.  Recommended are surf and turf, penne a la vodka, any fish dish and any dessert )if you have room).  Sauces were distinctly delicious and different.  It's worth trying to find a parking spot in the mall!
We stopped in today for a late lunch. We opted to sit outside since it was a fantastic fall day in Las Vegas. We ordered Caesar Salad and a cheese pizza. The salad was very tasty with healthy sized crouton and plenty of cheese. The dressing was not too "fishy", in fact, it was very good. \n\nThe pizza was cooked great and the crust was the thinnest I have ever had. The pizza was very authentic rustic Italian with lots of sauce and cheese blotted across the pizza. \n\nMy only complaint, if I was forced to complain, would be that they served Pepsi products instead of Diet Coke. \n\nThe staff was friendly and attentive. The food was good; a little pricey for pizza, but good. The best part was sitting outside and watching all the goofballs thinking they're special walking in and out of Kona Grill next door. Hahaha!
Had the fish and chips. Fish was tasteless and overcooked (dark brown). I did like the outside area and the fact that they had games (bean bag toss I think?).
Oh my! I will be back here for sure! Wish I could have a float spa of my own! There's nothing like zoning out in Zero Gravity relaxation mode! I need this at least once a week! It's like a total detox of my body and mind. Chris and Vianca are the wonderful owner managers of this awesome facility. I initially thought there were pods here, nope I was wrong. You get your own private room and inside is your float spa room, a large shower area and a nice space for dressing. You can even choose to use your own music from your device. I really felt it was a more classier set up. I did get a wonderful relaxation fix at another place, a POD one that I tried too, only I was a bit claustrophobic over there, but they also have a nice hot tea and honey stix setup for afterward. Let's face it though, this second time I was only looking forward to floating and this time my husband and son wanted to do it too! I also found out Allure has a float spa room for couples!! So guess what?  He and our son were able to try their first float together (he's 10 and as tall as me!) and both my big and little hunnies came out saying they fell in and out of sleep with their minds drifting into space! We absolutely loved this experience. No pain anymore anywhere, I had switched the lights off, stretched my whole body this time while floating and when I came out of the building, I felt like I left the toxic stress baggage of this world behind and it was replaced with all this positive energy!
thoroughly impressed with the knowledge of the volunteers, the amazing animals and wide selection of products available. almost adopted either a pitbull pup named Andy and the older dalmation\/bulldog mis Alice!
We travel from Minneapolis and make The Mission a must stop. The complexity of flavors with fresh ingredients like the "made at your table guacamole" makes this a great stop just for apps and cocktails or a formal dinner.
Not good!  We had a party of five and we each ordered about 5-6 dishes each.  The service was so slow, waiting at least 15-60 minutes between each dish.  Not good when you are hungry.  We spend a total of 2.5-3 hours there.\n\nMost of the dishes came out warm almost cold.  Which means they  cooked them quickly but waitress' brought them out late.  It was busy but no excuse for serving cold food.  Enoki dish was the worst, kobe beef is a joke (should not be advertised as kobe beef).  Tofus were decent as was the hamachi and chicken.\n\nOlder waitress was arrogant and down right rude.  When asked what dishes were popular or best to order, she said "all our dishes were the best"  Very helpful!  Also told her we did not receive one of our dishes.  She rudely insisted she brought it to us.  After arguing with her for about 10mins, she went to the back and finally brought our dish.  She eventually comped it as she probably knew she made a mistake.\n\nWe went here on the great reviews of yelp, but we were very disappointed.  We left hungry, upset and totally had a bad experience.
I was born and raised in Cleveland...But I haven't lived there for 20+ years\nthat being said I know good barbeque:)\nI was in town for Thanksgiving had to have some...my family picked it up\nthe taste was wonderful and brought back memories\nI will visit again...I wonder if they can ship it......T
Second time here and both visits were the same. Great food, good service, relaxed atmosphere. I had the juicy Lucy and onion rings this last visit and they were excellent.\n\nThird and fourth visit service sucked but food was still very good. Service can be hit or miss but food is usually on point.
The neighborhood needed a decent Chinese restaurant & Chun Fai Chinese Eatery will be welcomed with open arms. We started with the Wor Wonton Soup. The portion was large with lots of goodies. We also had the Shrimp Chop Suey & Beef Chow Fun. Each were very tasty with a lot of meat. Plus if you live nearby they offer delivery. I see on the menu they have lunch specials, I'll be back to give them a try. This place is located across the street from Southern Hills Hospital.
This was my first time trying out this place considering it was super busy the last time I tried coming here.  Unfortunately, this will be my first and LAST time here.  Here's why you should avoid this place:\n1. Take-out charge (50 cents)- although this is not much, I've never heard of a place that charges something that is part of their business expense!  No other restaurant charges this type of fee for something customers can't finish.\n\n2. Does not accept credit card- only debit cards and cash.  However,  as I was going to pay with debit the machine wants to charge me a surcharge for using debit???!!!!  It's bad enough that they don't take credit cards and don't even tell customers in advanced but to charge customers for using debit card as well??  Here is another example of a business who indirectly just wants cash.  Probably reports only a portion of their earnings to CRA.  Honestly, I have never been to ANY restaurants that have this type of money-grabbing business practice as a way to boost their revenue.\n\n3. Food- good but nothing to die for especially when they charge prices that are more than other places I've been to.  I ordered to Roti Curry, Curry chicken and Chicken Vermicelli.  Vermicelli isn't really authentic.  They used the 'Gui Lin' noodles instead of the true rice noodle (mei-fun) that most other places use and the chicken portion is very small. \n\n4. Service- average.  It is a typical Chinese business who thinks that just because they are getting business they can treat their customers badly.\n\nAnnoyed at all the above I gave them a $1 tip to show my disdain for this place the the lady has the nerve to tell me that I gave her too little and that she needs to survive on tips, etc.  I ended up giving her two bucks but am never coming back to this place again.
I like this place it's close to my house and pretty low key, pretty good selection of beer and food.
$2 a ball as the food truck says.  They have beef or chicken - tried the asiago, mushroom & blue balls.   All good except they put them all in one container along with all the sauces "merging" together.
Had a great time here. Great ambiance. \n\nI had a seat close to the kitchen, so and was able to watch them working away, which I enjoy. \n\nThe dessert was to die for, and I don't go crazy for desserts. It was a salted toffee chocolate bar type thing - Sooooo good! \n\nGreat service - will return.
Cool concept for a Tokyo bowl fast casual restaurant. Kind of like a chipotle where you can create your own bowl and pick your protein, carbs (rice or noodles), a variety of veggies, and sauce. They also have sushi and poke too. Everything is made to order so it does take a bit to make your food and get it. So if you are here on a lunch break, make sure you get 45mins to an hour. They do have online and app ordering to save you time. Large portion sizes too for a pretty decent price. The regular size bowl had me full for quite a while. Almost went with the large but it would have been too much.
First time trying this place and not impressed. This place was horrific. Service was incredibly bad. Lazy employees didn't want to make extra pieces of chicken. The restaurant was filthy with old food, drinks, trash, and napkins all over the tables and floor. The trash cans were not usable and had a note written on them that read "Do Not Use". \nFood was greasy and disgusting. \n\nThis place needs a health inspection. No wonder people mark this restaurant as "closed". \n\nDisgusted.
Happy hour fried calamari , dynamite roll , shrimp tempura Didn't  like the sesame chicken , for a light cool drink ....Ozeki Nigori is a must  !!!!
This is our favorite Pho place in the area. It's never too busy, but never too empty where you feel awkward eating "alone". There is this one lovely hostess who always takes orders and seats customers who we simply adore. She remembers us and our typical orders even though we've only been there maybe 4 or 5 times. She even served my mom a free appetizer and iced tea for her birthday today! I would have to say she is one of the reasons we keep coming back.\n\nThe other reason would be the "un-pho-gettable" pho! The bowls are huge! (Even the normal size.) We always leave with leftovers without having to empty our wallets. The prices are very affordable and we love the flavor of their pho. And if you're looking for a great appetizer, try their fried calamari! Simply delish!\n\nThe only reason this place misses the 5-star mark is because I don't think some of the waiters\/waitresses that bring out the food speak English very well, or aren't very sociable, at least. We had some difficulty communicating that we wanted an extra plate and bowl. Also, their "specials" aren't anything special in particular. At least the ones I've had (beef low mein & sweet and sour chicken). They taste pretty much like any typical Chinese restaurant.\n\nSo if you're in Chandler, give them a try, but have the Pho. That will make your trip definitely worth it.
Great place for a Burger or even Brisket!! We stopped on our way home and Benny himself was there and gave us top notch service! I had the Mexican Burger! It was perfection. Nothing fancy. Just great food!
Had brought my kitten in due to diarrhea.  The Doctor gave her meds but it didn't resolve the issue.  She had it bad for a week.  Thank goodness, I later found an alternative to the situation.  I gave it 3 stars due to this. \n\nAnother time I brought my new puppy in for his puppy shots.  The Doctor seemed irritated because he was having a bad day or just exhausted.  I felt the negative energy & didn't care to be in the room with this Doc.  Wished I had another one that was a bit more pleasant & friendly.  I didn't expect a long conversation or an amazing service out of just having shots.    \n\nI was recommended this place due to having multiple pets and being in the area.  The rates are really reasonable too.  Fast service, no appointmt which is what I like.  This is the main reason I do come to this place.
Worth every penny! Everything bite was beyond delicious. Best lobster bisque I've ever had. The filet with truffle butter was perfectly cooked and tender. We added creamed spinach, lobster mashed potatoes, and asparagus all were very good, especially the lobster mash potatoes. Nothing but good things with the warm butter cake. Even if you don't have room for dessert, you have to have the warm butter cake!!!
Way over priced. Were out of almost every cookie type except for some undercooked chocolate chip. Remember when this place used to be the golf standard for chocolate chip cookies? Me neither.
The burgers are amazing.  If you're tired of the same old burger, this place is a good place to try.
If you like deep dish pizza or have even the slightest inclination to give it a try (and you definitely should), I cannot recommend Mickey's enough. It is, for me, easily the best pizza in Mississauga and possibly the best in the Toronto area. \n\nTheir Chicago style, deep dish "Killer King" is pure pizza heaven. The dough is just the right texture and consistency, oozing with buttery goodness. They load it up with their outstanding mozzarella, just the right amount of sauce and fresh, delicious toppings of your choice (I like artichoke, sundried tomatoes and onions but will certainly mix it up). Even though the dough and the cheese are the stars here, I marvel at how everything is in perfect alignment, in fact I once noticed that the dough to sauce to cheese to toppings ratio seemed almost flawless. It's actually more noticeable in their traditional thin crust. Go with that if the Killer King is too daunting or if you just want a nice change. \n\nThe staff is super helpful and super friendly. Take out is highly recommended due to the extremely limited seating, as is calling ahead. Also they do not deliver, probably due to the fact that the place is usually incredibly busy. But it's worth the drive, trust me. \n\nAs a final note, many people here and on other sites have made note of how expensive Mickey's is and how the prices have gone up. While it is true that the prices were cheaper a couple of years ago, they were honestly too good to be true and I can't see how they were making much money off of each pie. In fact, I've even done a quick comparison of several highly rated pizza joints in and around southern Mississauga. Here's what a large three topping (artichoke, sundried tomato and onion), regular crust comes to at a few takeout places:\n\nMickeys: $17.80 plus tax (includes free drizzle on top)\nGreat Canadian Pizza: $17.45 plus tax\nAmadio's: $20.22 plus tax\nMarconi: $22.00 including tax\nPizzaiolo: $17.95 plus tax (fresh garlic is free)\n\nSo in fact it's actually cheaper than two other independent places in the area, less than a chain and only a few cents more than another indy place. And guess what? It's better than all of them. Just some perspective.
Short Review:\nBachi's new and healthier restaurant located on the southwest side of town.  Good for breakfast, brunch, and lunch.  If you know Bachi, then you know what to expect here...a good meal, great presentation, and with a higher than average price tag.  \n\nLonger Review:\nI first heard of Bachi HLK after seeing Michael U's check in's.  One thing about Michael U is that he tries it all and he reviews it all.  After reading his reviews and reviewing his pictures, I knew I would be heading here soon.  We got here sooner, than later. So, here's my review.\n\nMy Food:\n-Ostrich Burger w\/Swiss ($19.95):  I'm still on a quest to find a really good, tasty, and juicy ostrich burger.  There's some places out here that is "good enough" and Bachi's is a couple of steps above that.  If you ever had an ostrich burger before, then you know that they are usually a little dry and lacks some flavor.  The reason I get ostrich is because of the high protein count, low calories, and low fat.  It's like having a beef burger with the fat & calories equivalent to chicken.  Bachi got it right.  Their ostrich was juicy and packed with flavor.  You also get about 8 oz of meat. For a minute, I thought I was eating red meat. If I'm craving ostrich, then Bachi is the place that I will be going to. This is one healthy burger that also comes with a healthy price tag. It's $17.95 for this burger and if you want cheese, it's an additional $2.\n\n-HLK Potatoes:  Nothing really special with this side.  This was basically just seasoned country potatoes. \n\n-Almond Brioche French Toast:  You get four disc shaped French Toast dipped in coconut custard and topped with fruit. I shared this with the gf and since I'm allergic to fruit, I took the two slices that didn't have any.  In other words, I just had a basic French Toast.  The French Toast was slightly grilled and somewhat still soft\/creamy on the inside. First bite was okay, each bite got better and better as you get to the middle.  Some people prefer a crispy French Toast, while others like a soggy one.  I like mine between the two and Bachi prepared theirs exactly like that.  I recommend this. \n\nService, Ambiance, and Price:  Service was great and as good as it gets.  There was no wait and our food was served quick.  Also, I don't think we went 5 minutes without someone checking up on us.  Little tip for Bachi...sometimes too much is not a good thing. Sometimes we may need a little space to eat our food and enjoy our conversation.  The restaurant is still new, nice, clean, and a little small.  My only gripe about Bachi HLK is their price.  Most items on their menu look appealing, the items we had was fantastic, but the prices are a little high, in my opinion.  3 meals cost about $60 or $20 per meal.  I think this that this is a little high for breakfast, brunch, and even lunch.  \n\nOverall,  I'm a fan because I'm a fan of a good tasting Ostrich Burger.  Bachi has this and prepares theirs the way I like it.
My 'local' pub. I really love what the owners have done with this place. The themed safari décor might sound cheesy, but it is actually really stylish and quirky. The front bar is always bustling with a mixed crowd of locals, hipsters and families. Dogs are welcome too!\nWhen you walk further you see the lounge area with sofas and a tv, and even further is the back room which is more suited for larger groups. \nThe selection of beer is great, either on tap or bottle, there is something you will love. Ask the knowledgeable bar staff for tips if you're not sure about your choice of bev. \nThen...the food! I don't know who it is who thinks and cooks up the food the Safari Lounge offers, but you get a big thumbs up from me. The "kitchen" is so tiny (1or 2m2?) and next to the bar, which doesn't strike me with confidence that my food will turn out ok. Please don't let it turn you off because they food is AMAZING. Every time I'm in, the chefs have thought of new interesting menus (pumpkin and lavender soup for example). Along with the classics (f.e. their classic "safari dog"), this gives you a range of small and larger dishes in different cuisines (Asian and Middle Eastern are big favourites) that you wouldn't normally find in a pub.\nThe staff is genuinely friendly and helpful and serves you quickly. All in all, if you're in the area, this is the pub to visit.
The product gets 5 stars. I would dock it a star for the price but would rather you read that. \n\nThey are coffee roasters, not a full service cafe so there isn't a ton on syrups or different milks. However, what they do, they do it well. I had a lavender latte (they only offer lavender or a house mocha in terms of flavors). It looked to come in an 8oz cup. I don't know if they offer different sizes, but I walked away feeling a bit gypped given the price. I don't think lavender is my thing. It was rather strong, obviously floral, best after being swallowed (now, now) when you breath out and taste it. \n\nI also got a cheddar, chili, caramelized onion scone that was 5\/5. I was a huge fan of the texture and loved that they kept the melted hard cheese on the side (i love that shit!). It wasn't too onion-y (too much caramelized onion kills it for me). I applaud you, Maker of That Scone. \n\nPrice was $10 for a wee latte and a nicely sized, bad ass scone. \nThey have whole bean coffee for sell, $12.95\/pound? Keep your coffee out of the refrigerator and freezer, keep it in an air tight container in a dark, room temp area. The freshness will be preserved for 30 days. \n\nCheers!
First off, let me say we went with a group of 18 people. This pretty much took up half the dining room, and most of these were loud chatty college kids. The wait staff and manager were very accommodating and the service was very, very good.\n\nThe tandoori grill items were amazing! I would highly recommend them. They came out on a platter still steaming and smelling delicious (the same way people bring you fajitas in the states - same thing). Between four of us guys we got each one and swapped and shared. They were all super good. We had each of the varieties of Naan as well. All were excellent.\n\nThe chicken biryani had very generous amounts of chicken chunks in it and the rice was fantastic. I'd recommend a plate of that to share with your friends while you get a grill item.\n\nThis was our last supper together as a group before heading back to the states the next day, and it was a perfect way to cap off our trip. Good food, good friends, great service, very accomodating of a large group, and well priced. I'd highly recommend stopping in!
Super restaurant ! Très copieux. Mozzarella sympa. Raviolis au potiron magnifiques! Même pas pu finir la portion small !
Thanks to a recommendation from Yelp, we decided to try this restaurant for something different. The atmosphere was a mixture of Arizona landmarks and sports. The music was good ol' Southern blues. The owner, Chuck, was very friendly and hospitable. Our waitress, Beth, had wonderful suggestions. We had the Signature Mac & Cheese with chicken and bacon. It was the best Mac & Cheese ever. Literally! We topped it off with the Dessert Nachos. Fabulous!
Yes,  I appreciate the cleanliness and courtesy.  I also like that no one asked a million questions about my personal life and yes everyone spoke English.  They really took their time (way more than it normally takes). They took me in at the last minute on a Saturday and it was a good price.  I just wish they did a better finish.  It doesn't seem like they have the experience\/expertise I am use to.  The girl, and I mean girl (looked 14 but said she was 17) tried worked hard\/carefully on the cuticle work and massage but it was the other Ladies who did they painting that rushed and didn't clean up the mistakes. I might go back for the mani pedi but definitely will not do French again. Although I must admit it's one of the cleanest French lines I have had that were done manually. I just wasn't pleased that they didn't clean up the nail Polish around the finger and took sooooo long. Also did my feet and hand sequentially rather than simultaneously. They were NOT busy.
We arrived at approximately 8:45pm on a Tuesday night. We waited in line for approximately 15 minutes and paid $35.99 per person, including my 9 year old. \nThe food was what i'd expect for a $7.99 buffet at home. Low quality foods. There are lots of options but as a foodie I was extremely disappointed.\n\nOur server was friendly didn't offer a beverage menu. Water was barely refreshed. I work in the hospitality industry and teach my employees to step aside and allow our guests to go first, these people just cut us off with not even an 'excuse me.'\n\nNot worth the time or money.
Pizza was so wonderful (meat eaters) I had to get two more because our team was that hungry ! Patty is so friendly a d Pablo the cook makes the pizza with a smile! The entire crew made us feel welcome! We will order pasta and pizza from them once a week if we could! Thank !
This is a great place to read, meet with somebody, or just relax with some great coffee. I'd recommend their Miel and their drip coffee.
Great ambiance! Live DJ and dim lighting. The wait and bar staff are very good. The food is a little over priced for what they offer. Portions are typical of high end restraints, so I expected more flavor. Not as much bang for the buck. \n\nBut if you are looking for a chill, classy spot to get a fun fruity drink, this is the spot!
Absolutely horrible. Nail techs speak almost no English and my nails are terrible. They took 3 hours to do an acrylic fill with gel polish. At one point my nail tech stopped doing my nails to text on her cell phone. You couldn't pay me to go back.
I recently purchased a brand new Chevy Sonic. I noticed when it got hot in the summer, the dashboard plastic, the plastics sides of the front windscreen, and all the plastic around the doors, including the back doors were sticky to the touch. I brought it to them on two occasions, and Jesus the service person, said he heard of 2 other Sonics in the west that had similar problems with the sticky interior plastic. I waited for a call, but no one called for months. Then I went down there, and asked to speak to the General Manager. I was told on numerous occasions that he was not there! I left numerous messages with him, and he never once called me back, and only his assistant service manager called me. He said there has never  been any record of my car been checked there at Findlay for defects even though I left my car there for 2 days, all day. \nOh! They failed to mention the two year concierge agreement for $599. All they do is set your iPhone up to your car's stereo system (bluetooth), and call you now and again "Checking in." A total waste of money. Was totally unaware they did this. Buyers beware!\nI want to also inform the readers that their oil change service takes too much time, and when you check out you are met with 2 grumpy ladies who do not look up from their chairs! I corrected one of them when I was there last that they are in customer service, and it is polite to look their customers in the face when they are talking to them! \nI have since got my car service performed at Jiffy Lube, who get me in and out in 15 minutes as apposed to 2-3 hours, and they do not charge  all the added "fees" that Fairway Chevrolet charges.\nWhen I purchased my brand new Sonic, they failed to mention the "two year concierge agreement for $599." All they do is set your phone up to the stereo in the car! Wow! Really, and annoying calls for months and months "checking in.
Food was ok, service was unfriendly and slow. Felt like they were doing us a big favor by allowing us to eat at their establishment.
Never disappointing. Fresh, warm, and always delicious. The food is beyond excellent and never less than that! I've been a customer for a few years and the service is always great. One of the employees named Martin, never forgets to ask how my day is going and always makes "the usual" (steak sharwarma plate) comes out never less than perfect. My go to spot, highly recommended, love this place!
If everything else had been average, I think that the garlic rolls alone could have earned this restaurant 4 stars...buttery, garlicky, greasy balls of heaven. However, my entire meal happened to be delicious also.\nAll the entrees come with a salad, so I started with a tossed salad with their "House" italian, which was yummy. A little thick, not too sweet, lots of flavor. I ordered the tilapia, served over spinach and artichokes with a sun-dried tomato tapenade (I skipped the "heavy" choices bc I knew I'd overdo it on the rolls).....it was light (although serving was huge) and delicious. It also came with a side of pasta. \nI will DEFINITELY be back here for more. Don't get the wrong idea....I wouldn't say this is a date-night type restaurant. More of a family-friendly, casual place to get a good italian dinner (or lunch!) without the italian chain restaurant stigma (cheese sauces, cream, stuffed everything, ugh).
Dr. Chris is a great dentist and the staff are all friendly and capable. They have a nice, clean office too.
This is something that you have to see at night, and frankly, it doesn't hurt to have a couple of drinks in you to really be swept away by the music and the show. These fountains are quite spectacular, and very interesting.\n\nThe music is one of the best parts and dances along with the fountains. The lights, the color, the music, and the people all add to the experience, and this is yet another Las Vegas 'Don't Miss.'
Brunch Club is among the more solid breakfast\/brunch places in Madison. They have some tasty twists on breakfast classics, good coffee, and very popular donuts with unique flavors. They aren't my favorite, but I seem to be in the minority with that opinion. Waits are longer at peak times on weekends, but that is a good time to eat at the counter. \n\nThe restaurant has a contemporary take on retro decor with the whimsical artwork of Eric Joyner featuring Robots and Donuts. There is one entrance to the restaurant from the street and another from the Hampton. \n\nHampton usually offers complementary parking to restaurant guests, and that is somewhat irritating when you arrive only to find that parking is only for hotel guests on that day. It may be to discourage abuse of the parking for nearby events, but it only seems to be an issue for me when there is inclement weather. Honestly, I keep going back, so it can't be that terrible.
Nachos are chips with Taco Bell meat and obvious nacho cheese from a pump. The beer selection is weak at best. Noisy and the atmosphere is more dive bar than lounge. Will avoid in the future.
First, I'd like to say that the best sushi I've ever had was at this little hole in the wall on the ocean in Virginia Beach. Ahhh, sun setting, waves gently crashing, drinks, my friend and her navy seal boyfriend and all of his crazy friends, 80 degree weather....back to reality! \nI love sushi, but don't eat exclusively at any one spot in Cleveland. When I have a taste for it, whichever restaurant is the closest will be the chosen one. There are several I won't go to, Otani's in Golden Gate being at the top of that pile. \nI chose to review Pacific East because while living in Little Italy this was the closest and I ate there at least once a week. I live on the west side now, but still work on the east. Often, I stop in to pick up an order to go. Over the many, many times my orders have always been very fresh, warm, soft and just consistent. I'm a big fan of consistency when eating a preferred meal at any given restaurant. It is irritating when I expect something that I just know is going to be good and taste like it did the last time I ordered it, but it doesn't...I guess that's why my old boss would always tell me to not to have expectations, because then you won't get let down. Expect the bare minimum and be pleasantly surprised. I worshiped that man, but never did agree with that piece of advice. Pacific East always lives up to my expectations.
Absolutely horrible staff. Not one doctor is able to sit and talk for 5 minutes. They make you go through so many tests so they get money from the insurance companies. On top of that they almost never get your prescription refilled easy. They never respond if you leave a message with the triage. By far the most stressful place to get medical help.
Looked at an oil leak on our van for no charge even though they were busy.  These guys are great.
Legit Indian food right here!!!!\n\nLocated on West Craig and the 95, inside a tiny strip mall opposite the gas station. If you blink you'll miss it.\n\nLegitimate indian food is hard to find in Las Vegas and if you do find half decent food it's usually some sort of infused restaurant that costs an arm and a leg that's not very good!!!!\n\nAfter realizing Saffrons was closer than expected, I decided to give it a shot and wasn't disappointed!!!! Every time I have been here for lunch Buffet, dinner or picking up, the quality and standards of this business are 5 stars each and every time.\n\n My recommendations are the Rogan Ghosht, Lamb Vindaloo and the garlic Naan are all top shelf. The bar at the front of house is also not a bad little bar, with large LCD screen with whatever sport you want. Also it's a nice place  to knock back a kingfisher while waiting for friends. The service is also a fairly oiled machine. \n\nDecor is fairly simple and nothing outlandish that you come to expect from a lot of good five star places on the strip. \n\nI realize I'm pumping this business up, and I truly do believe its a 5 star indian restaurant. Indian restaurants are one of those hit or miss kinda places that can give you amazing quality or cardboard.... So until they start to pump out run of the mill stuff I'll keep it at 5 stars.\n\nOverall \nPrice: $$$ out of 5\nCleanliness: 4-5\nDrink: 3-5 basic bar\nFood: 5-5\nService: 5-5
don't shop the produce here the selection is limited. I'm sorry but this may be one of the creepiest wal marts ever. It's not even in THAT bad of a neighborhood. Everytime I come here i almost always get into an altercation with a crazy a** customer. the staff might not be the friendlist but I wouldn't be either if I worked here.
I just now walked in cause I really wanted a big iced tea.  The guy working behind the counter was on the phone and didn't even say so much as "I'll be right with you." Just kept chatting and walked to the back room and didnt come back out,  So I left disappointed.
Excellent and unique food, savory noodles, excellent ambiance. But the food is too rich that i dont need to come here often haha. Maybe once a year is fine for me. But it's good tho, but.m not for a daily staple
While in Vegas last Sunday 10-2-2011 on conference my friend and I stumbled upon this jewel restaurant. We sat at the bar and were hosted by a very nice and extremely helpful young lady named " Sooner".\nSooner made the experience extremely pleasant and worth the visit. Food and beverages were well coordinated. The experience and execution was excellent. This is why I love to go to Vegas.
My friend and I were so excited to try this place and man were we satisfied!! The food comes bento style and the portions are great for the price! Everything tasted so good! We definitely will be coming back and I will be bringing people here as well!
This is a great place to go after work. I love to go upstairs to the patio that overlooks uptown. The food is pretty good. It's typical bar food. The drinks are really good and inexpensive.
In Vegas and wanted a good breakfast, yelped this place and it did not disappoint.  I ordered the chili verde omelet, the portions are huge. It was tasty and very generous with the amount of meat, not spicy, but that's ok. My husband loves chicken fried steak, and he said this was one of the better CFS he's had. The gravy was very good.\nNow the service was great. We had Shirley and she was so cute, made me miss my grandma. Even though she was older she was quick, attentive, and talkative at the same time.  We were able to walk in get seated but do be prepared for a wait if you go on a weekend. The location is a little sketchy, but it turned out ok.
What a concept--a movie theatre that doesn't charge you $70 for a movie, food, and drinks for a family of 3.\n\nOkay, you're not going to be seeing the newest releases, but for the price, this place is unbelievable.  The movies are generally $3, and the food is cheaper than Harkins.  You can also get refills on drinks and popcorn, unless you go to the late-night screening and the concession stand is closed when you get out.\n\nReally cool ambiance at this place (look at the pictures).  For budget-conscious families wanting to go to the movies, forget about going to Tempe Marketplace and forgoing all food and drinks.  Go here, see a flick, get your junk food, and relax.
This is my favourite local watering hole.  The space is really big, so it's never too busy.  They have a big big patio, a big bar, and about 3 or 4 separate seating areas (high tops, booths and regular tables) and one that is somewhat corner off if you want to have a big private party.  \n\nThe food is all great.  Though they reduced their menu recently :(  No more fried mushroom caps.  Their burgers are garlicky and delicious.  And their nachos are easily one of my favourite in the city - especially b\/c they are one of the few places that have lettuce on the nachos.  Over the years, their nacho portions have gotten smaller, but they are still amazing with layered cheese and tons of sour cream and veggies.  \n\nA couple of qualms:  you can't have booze on the patio after 11, and occasionally the servers will be slow.  But I find it's usually the new-ish people.  They have a few servers that I recognize who are always upbeat and on the ball with drinks, food and just all around awesomeness.
This was my first time at a Korean BBQ spot and I was really impressed. The food came out really quickly and was really good quality. We ordered one of everything on the menu and doubled up on most of the meats. I guess the idea of having to cook your own food at a restaurant sounds weird to me but it makes sense because you can cook everything the way you like it. \n\nI did wish they had more of a selection of meats for lunch, but the dinner menu has some more interesting options and also includes some sushi. \n\nOverall, Chako was a great experience but watch out who is cooking the food because there will always be that one person who forgets about something and burns some of the food.
Ordered from here with coworkers from my office and we were all very happy with our food. The crab Rangoon is really great. My coworker and I shared that and pineapple fried rice with shrimp and there was plenty for the both of us. Maybe season the shrimp before tossing them in with the rice, they were very well cooked otherwise, perfect. Thank you!
We've been coming here for over 2 years since living in the hood, not really "regulars" but pretty regularly.  Having both been in the hospitality industry, we enjoy sitting at the bar and chatting up with other diners, bartenders, etc.  They still don't know our names, our order, not even a perk up with a recognizable nod gets thrown our way.  We're pretty friendly people and damn good tippers but apparently not much leaves an impression on the majority of the staff here.  I can't say all of them deserve this review but there a few who deserve even worse. \n\nSo why do we return?  Damnit, the food is good.  It's local, always seems fresh made and they have a magic spell over nachos that is just impossible to explain.  \n\nThe beers are OK, I like Four Peaks 8th St. Ale way better than anything on this menu (daily cask is typically a winner).  The root beer was so much better when it wasn't made with Splenda and didn't have that aftertaste. \n\nBut back to those nachos...crispy thin chips, perfectly layered with the right amount of cheese, beans, black olives, tomatoes, green onions, jalapenos, topped with dollops of sour cream and guac.  Seriously, they are NEVER soggy or too much...you know how sometimes you get a pizza or nacho that the cook got too liberal with and thought more was better but it just ruined it?  This place has the right ratio. The salsa kicks the ass of most Mexican restaurants in town. \n\nThe wings are crispy, tasty.  The house salad is a nice mix of real greens and veggies (no iceberg- whoo hoo).  The flatbread sandwiches are OK, the burgers are tasty too (though the Kobe isn't that special in my opinion but my coworker loves it).  \n\nThe. Bread. Pudding.  I will spin in the morning, do a Power Yoga set, eat veggies all day and have this bread pudding for dinner.  Holy hell it's amazing.  That whiskey caramel sauce drizzled over the top begs me to bathe in it.  \n\nCome here for some consistently good food knowing you are supporting a local business and don't get too upset when the staff downright sucks; it's not you.
The burger of the week was good! But the waitress mumbled and I didn't realize it was the only $5.00 burger! We were not even offered a Burger Passport until she wanted to get an attitude about it at time to pay! The other cheese burger was horrible and the two different types of mac and cheese were plain and microwaved to reheat!! Not impressed at all!
Delicious hidden gem! Amazing prices, amazing staff, fantastic food. The gyro is huge and will keep you full all day.\n\nI like the traditional gyro (lamb) better than the chicken!
A tough review to write.  A mix of good and not so good.  Some of it is not their fault, also.\n\nIn our case we needed to replace some damaged flooring (hardwood).  However, our precise hardwood isn't made anymore (or, rather, they changed it so even though it has the same name\/number, it's different).  Nobody's fault there.  To the credit of Arizona Flooring, Robert (the owner, I think) helped find a close match.  It's the same wood species, and the color was very close.  But the texture is different.  It was either that or go with something completely different, so we opted for the "close as we're gonna get" choice.\n\nThe install didn't go as smoothly as it should have, in my opinion.  Obviously it is more difficult when there is furniture and baseboards already in place compared to coming in on a bare floor with no baseboards.  They tore out the old flooring, and then put in the new.  It seemed to me this crew wasn't as good as they should have been.  When they were done we could see some of the raw wood in the seams, implying the tongue-in-groove wasn't as tight as it should have been.  This is the tough bit because I can't be completely sure if that was their fault or if the wood itself just doesn't seat quite right.  However, their showroom sample didn't exhibit this problem, and neither did most of our floor when they were done, so I tend to think it was the installers.  They used a caulking material that also served as a stain to fill those gaps and (hopefully) color the wood.  \n\nThey did manage to do nearly the entire job without ripping out our baseboards (which was nice).  Kudos there.  Though we did end up with some dings and scratches in the paint.\n\nRobert was very conscious of customer service.  So I have to give bonus points there.  He was concerned and responsive, doing his best to rectify any problems and make us happy.  That's a good sign.  As I type this we are awaiting "spare" boards (in case we need any repairs in the future).  His crew didn't leave us a box (and they were supposed to).\n\nWe did not try their tiling.  Tile is done by a different crew.  So we can't comment on that.  The install I would have to give 2 stars, but that may have just been the one crew.  Selection in the store was perhaps 4 stars (there was a LOT of wood to choose from).  Robert's concern for the customer is probably 5 stars.  Add it all up and I'd have to go with about 3.5 stars, if YELP would allow it.  I think I'll do 3 stars now, and if I have another experience (maybe for some tile we are thinking of doing) I can up it to 4 stars if it goes better.
I've experienced their drive thru more times than in-store, however every time I order through their drive thru, this location - busy or not - constantly fails on delivering my order in under 10 minutes. It's quite difficult to understand how something as simple as tea take so long to make.
Anticlimatic.  $10 for a glass of cheap cab? \nI won't be rushing back. That is for sure.
Looked next door at Sansotei and it was full with people waiting outside. Having a short lunch break, I jumped next door to Gyugyuya and got the Gyu Curry Rice (beef). Pretty good food. I might avoid it next time though because it's so salty (so mainly just for health reasons). I might just get the plain beef rice next time.\n\nBut for 12 bucks before tax and tip might be a bit expensive.\n\nService was good and fast. Good for some quick lunch.\n\nQuality 8\/10. Service 8\/10. Value 6.5\/10. Overall: 7\/10 (not an average).
i would recommend no stars if I could. I see this place all the time and finally went in to try it. The food is WAY overpriced, no choices, bland sauce, and poor quality meat. I went in with my boyfriend and neither of us finished our food. I think your money is better spent elsewhere.
The bank is nice but SLOW ! Every time I come here .. Even if there is only 1 person here... They move slow as hell !!
I've been here a few times, but I will never go back there again. Do to a large part of management and ownership. As I waited I've seen their employees get chewed out in Front of  customers by this woman who seems to be the owner. I don't think she's ever been to management training, but I got the feeling that she doesn't know what she's doing. She's seems stuck up and rude. \n\nAs for the food, it's mediocre at best. The service by the waiters is good. They do have good chips and salsa. But I would not support establishment that does not treat their employees well.
Nice arena on ASU campus!  My first visit here was just to check out the arena and of course men's basketball.  I plan to come back in the near future to see more games and maybe check out the the concessions.
We came here since we were at the airport right by. This is a smaller Chipotle but it was sooooooo clean and the service was great!\nPlus I'm always a fan of chipotles and this one definitely represents the company in a great way!\n\nYum!
not awful but definitely don't think it's worth they hype mainly because the crust is really bland.  service was prompt and folks were super friendly just not a $15 pizza in my opinion
My favorite bagel place in LV.  Staff is really friendly.  Get the everything bagel with jalapeño cream cheese on one side and vegetable cream cheese on the other.  Sooo good!
Quite possibly my favorite Pottery Barn in the valley. First, it's easy in, and easy out. You can park fairly close and NOT have to trek all thru the mall, when what you really came for is right there in the PB store! I live in the Biltmore area and instead of going to closer PB stores, I make the drive over to Chandler to go to this one. The staff is friendly and helpful. I purchased a floor sample wing chair for my sitting room, for example, and they loaded it into my little German trunk and wrapped it in plastic, roped it and even told me a good cleaner that would come to my home and take off the 'floor dust' . How could I resist? It was the perfect cozy chair at more than 2\/3 off the original price! IF there is something in the catalog that you see and want, they will order and have it sent to your home and once even to my place in DC! I even got a 'new homeowners' 20% discount to go with! I'm always a fan of PB...and I love the sale section!
Really pretty good.  Haven't found outstanding wine there yet......but the food selection was good and the outdoor seating fun.
My nail stylist was Q & at first he acted like he didn't want to do my nails. But he did a great job doing my fill & took his time doing them. He added a gel top coat, filed down my nails at the correct length, & made them look more square. Total cost was $21, which is not bad!
The store had a sort of fun vibe, you get to watch while the dogs are grilled and it smells good. The food wasn't good though, especially compared to the other hot dog place on Broadway. Also, it was kind of dirty inside and the cashier was rude.
This place is awesome. They treated us very kind on our tour and we're kind to us as soon as we stepped foot in the brewery. The place is spotless. The tour is ONLY $10!!! It's about a 35-40 minute tour. The tour guide we had was great! Unfortunately I forgot his name. He knew a lot about beer the history of the company and Toronto. 3 FIRED GUYS. We got to walk around the entire facility and meet people. There were plenty pieces of art around the facility (mostly in the offices and the main bar). So for 10 bucks you get the tour of the facility, a free bottle of steam whistle beer and a souvenir! I took the steam whistle glass. You can either get a glass or a bottle opener. There's a tour where you can get a case of beer as well. Make sure to check the dates and times of the tour. We found out about it last minute. But it's definitely a great tour for the price.
Nice little spot nestled on the south side of town, with Kombucha on tap as well as craft brews!! Nice atmosphere and doggie friendly!!
I just made my second trip to 1511 and I will choose somewhere else next time.  I have been eating at Mama Ricotta's for 15+ years, and have eaten at Big Daddy's a couple of times--I enjoy both of the sister restaurants so I do not know what the problem is with this restaurant.\n\nOn our first trip I wanted to start with the guacamole that I read so much about on Yelp.  We ordered it, and just when we were starting to think that the service was really slow--it was a packed Saturday night--our entrees came out.  When the manager that brought our food ask if we had everything we needed I told him we never got our appetizer, so please cancel that order.  He apologized and offered to bring it out now, but we declined since our dinner was there.  They did give us a coupon for a free guacamole which I thought took care of the situation.  Another manager came by and apologized, as did our waitress who we saw less of than the waitstaff at all the tables around us.  The food was pretty good, so I knew we would try it again.\n\nTrip two.  We got there early this time, well before the crowd, and ordered the guacamole (forgot the darn coupon!) and a beer to start, while we looked at the menu.  My beer came out, we ordered entrees, the guac came out and before we could enjoy 3-4 chips our entrees hit the table.  They seem determined that I will not get to enjoy any guacamole.  Well equally determined, I slid my dinner aside and dug into the chips.  Truthfully, it was wasted effort.  It really wasn't that good.  There was very little flavor.  Unless they snuck it in while I wasn't looking there was no garlic, no salt, and no pepper added.  I doctored it at the table, but I have had better pre-made from the grocery store and that isn't $9.00.\n\nI usually choose a local place over a chain when possible, and I really wanted to enjoy 1511 but the entrees are nothing special and the service did not meet my expectations.  The prices were higher than say "On the Border" and while I never felt like a sombrero-wearing group would start singing happy birthday to the table next to us, that was hardly enough to bring me back. Adios Cantina 1511.
A newer mid priced hotel on Madison's west side.  We stayed two nights in September for a badger football game weekend.\n\nThe hotel is rather larger (5 stories) and has quite a few rooms.  We had a junior suite which was in the corner so had some extra floor space which included a small kitchenette, sofa sleeper desk and tv. Not quite two rooms but a good amount of space, especially if you were staying for an extended period of time.\n\nOverall the room was clean and comfortable although not terribly chic or stylish - just one big beige space.  I certainly understand the desire for a "timeless" color pallet but it could do with a bit more personality.\n\nAs for the room features, the bed was quite firm (which I like) as were the pillows (not so great).  Bathroom was on the small side but had all that we needed.
I went here last night for my brother's 30th birthday.  It's pricy but definitely worth it for a nice ocassion.  \n\nPLUS:  I highly recommend the Moscow Mule.  It has Vodka, homemade ginger beer, ice cubes that don't melt and is served in a copper mug that stays cold.  \n\n****The bartender Carol was super nice and cool. **** \n\nA must.
Great atmosphere at the Tempe location.  Great beer, pizza, and salads!
Came here on a Thursday night , there was karaoke goin on and it was 40-50% full \n A little info \nHookahs -were km hookahs \nBowls -where vortex (phunnel) \nHose -tonic plastic washable \nShisha -alfakher starbuzz Fumari  etc \n              They had most common brands \nCoals - starbuzz coco buzz coconut coals \n\nThey offered sodas, chips, popcorn & candy \n\nWhat I didn't like - \nStaff was dressed normal and took me 10 minutes to identify someone that could actually help me \n\nTables were dirty and had empty bottles and wrappers every where so you couldn't tell if it was occupied or taken \n\nI was sat by a young man and he didn't even bother to grab the trash on the seat or table \n\n This definitely will not be my first choice for a hookah lounge if I go out !
So to begin, Christina did a great job taking me from brassy golden blonde and level 5 brown to a bright buttery icy blonde. I would go to her again because her color skills are there, and she slaps those highlights on super quick!\n\nThree stars because I called and confirmed that my clip in extensions could be colored. I was told 'Yes! but we aren't responsible if they are damaged," which is totally fair. When I arrived, the first thing Christina and I talked about is how she is not comfortable coloring extensions because they always turn out pink or some crazy color. OK....good thing I drove 2 hours from Tucson to come to this salon that looks like its pretty on top of blonde hair and extensions. Anyways, she did a test color (after I made it very clear that I would prefer my hair be grey\/green on the ash scale vs. golden or warm AT ALLLLLL) and they came out pink, as predicted. I asked what color she used and she told me 7N and 7G........you mean G like Golden? Yes, G like Golden. Oh. In the past (mentioned this also) Ive had stylists use 7AA and the color turned out awesome(ly not pink). \n\nMoral of the story: dont bring your own extensions. Christina does solid highlight work and there is little to be found of my rusty old color. \n\n\n\nProbably not worth a 4 hour round trip plus chair time.
I have never had bad service in the 4-5 times I have been here in the last two months and this is the perfect after work cool off happy hour joint.\n\nThe beer is never stale and I always get another when needed \/ requested.\n\napps are always great\n\nI have more con's about the cheesers who seem to irritate the bar tenders \/ wait staff than the joint itself.\n\nI would recommend this as a good place to chill with your friends and kick back a few drinks. #GoDevils
I was there today around 11 pm , had a feeling for a pad Thai and they were the only open at the  hour. Ordered a mix of chicken and beef, I arrived to pay and see I was charged an extra $2 for chicken when I specifically asked for mix ! I got home anxious to try one of the most expensive pad Thai's I ate in Las Vegas ($14) not only they were cheap on the amount of chicken and beef it was the worst pad Thai I had in town. I will not come back or refer anyone.
I would say, it is good overall. Reception is 24 hours, so arrival time at the hostel is less of an issue when checking in. And the staff are really nice and very helpful, answering any questions you may have.\n\nThe rooms are nice, with enough space between the rows of bunk beds. And each room has its own set of lockers, as well as its own bathroom. The beds are comfortable, but sometimes, they may not have a ladder for the top bunk. Make sure you tell the staff about this, as it can be difficult and dangerous to reach the top bunk. \n\nThe bathroom is good, with enough room for 1 person. Though, with 6 or more people in the room, that can be an issue when it comes to crowd. But there is an alternative, which is using the bathroom in the lounge area, mainly for sink and toilets.\n\nThere is the option of the elevator, if you have a lot of luggage, and need to get to the higher floors. The hallways look interesting, with each door being decorated like a country's flag. Plus there is an outdoor swimming pool.\n\nThere is a lounge area, where you can hang out. And there is a pool table, along with shelves that has books and board games. Plus there is a kitchen as well. And it seems like so much space in these rooms and more. \n\nThere are a couple computers by the reception desk. One of them was working good, while the other was having a problem. Also, if you need to print something, you will have to e-mail the link to reception in order to have it printed out. And WiFi is included as well.\n\nThe hostel itself, is a great one. The location is the only main issue, which is out of the way from... well, everything else. Definitely plan accordingly, which may mean ending your night early if you have an early morning flight.
Have been two times to this place- once for dinner with my husband, and another was happy hour with friends.  Both times, I really enjoyed myself.  \nMy server was Carlo both times, and he was attentive and awesome.  He told us the place was like a family, and as we looked around, we saw the staff working as a team and helping each other.  I like that about any place- but the food and cocktails in this place put it above the other restaurants around this area of town.  \nSome suggestions:  The meatballs, the salmon, the sangria...I haven't had anything bad.  Its the perfect time of year right now to gather some friends and sit out on the patio for happy hour.
I won some money at the craps table and wanted a good steak so I stopped at Jean Georges in Aria.  What I got was an amazing steak!  I think we got there right when it opened because the staff all gave us attention and the sommelier even stopped and chatted and recommended a Bordeaux that was a great value just to be nice.  I hesitated to accept the recommendation, but he stated it was a personal recommendation so we took the plunge.  It turned out to be a perfect selection for our tastes.  \n\nWe had such a great experience at this restaurant.  All of the food was exceptional.  We had a wedge salad, and the ribeye with a side of mushrooms and crunchy potatoes.  The only thing bad was I felt like the steak was a little thin.  Seriously, that is the only thing.  I can't take away a star for that.  I cant wait to try his other restaurant at the Bellagio!
In previous experiences here, the food has been great. Service is not the best. The hostess was rude tonight and we ended up leaving before being seated. I can say we will never come back because there are too many other great places in Charlotte with better service.
Food just ok average but loved the service and especially our waiter Adam. That's a plus. We will come back and ask for our waiter Adam.
Went tonight for my husband's birthday. Got there around 5:30pm on a Friday night and got a table right away, out on the heated\/enclosed patio. Loved the cozy area and the heaters kept us warm enough. The food was on point! Started with the fried pickle spears that came with a mustard sauce.... So good! Next our dinners - pulled pork sandwiches and southern fried chicken sandwiches. Delicious but my favorite had to be the sweet potato fries. Ask for the garlic mayo to dip them in! We shared dessert between all of us - bread pudding with bourbon sauce and banana pudding. Just the right amount to end our meal. Two other fun things.... the largest mason jar drink cups! My daughter's peach lemonade was so tasty. One of my daughters mentioned to waitress that the meal was so good for her Dad's birthday tonight and when she came back to get the check, she brought a birthday card signed by all of the staff. It was just an awesome experience from start to finish!
Was wanting some sweet and sour pork really badly.  Came here and ended up getting the strawberry chicken as well.  Both excellent.   Clean place and very attentive staff.  Large portion sizes, way more than enough for 2 people.  Easy to dine in or take out.
This is our new favorite spot for mimosas & breakfast with live music on Sunday morning! When we first got there the line was out the door but it moved pretty quick and we were amazed that we didn't have to wait a long time for our food, despite how busy it was! \n\nThe $5 mimosas kept us happy while we waited and we loved that there is a separate drink ordering counter so we could get our mimosa refills without having to jump back in the long food ordering line! \n\nWe both had the Spaniard omelette that has chicken and chorizo and it was delicious! \n\nWhile the inside of the place is super neat with all kinds of cute merchandise, the outdoor patio and open grass area is really where it's at. Beautiful trees and greenery all around make you forget you're in the desert for a second! The last two Sunday's we've enjoyed live acoustic music from a girl and her guitar (beautiful voice). She started playing and singing around 9ish I believe. \n\nBefore we visited Luci's at the orchard we went to the Luci's marketplace which was neat--- but now that we've experienced the orchard, there's no turning back! We love it!
Having lived in the Valley for over 20 years, I've been through a number of pool cleaning services.  Without doubt, Desert Pool Cleaning is #1 in  my book.  The owner is attentive and responds quickly to concerns and questions.  Couldn't ask for more!
The food was amazing, great customer service, the price is just right for cook to order
Good food, sandwiches are getting better everytime I go. Things have definitely improved since the new chef took over.
Billy, our server was a dream (boat) haha. Very attentive, asked for our names and addressed us with our names. Loved it. He was so attentive he even asked if the temperature of my water was to my liking (I had asked for loads of ice). Wish all men were as attentive as this wonderful soul. He asked if our table of 10 was celebrating anything special (we weren't - just a girls night out to watch Kinky boots). He was super friendly and told us he loved the show. With hair like his, I would believe anything he said as he was perfect. Ok, I think you guys get the point. Servers\/service is incredible here. Except one gentleman who brought out our food - saw him whisper something snarky to another lady server when I had wondered why they were a bit confused about which one of us ordered what dish (most restaurants know your order by the way you are seated - most of us ordered the same thing so it got a bit confusing but none of us were mad about it. I just said out loud that "oh don't they usually know who ordered what by our seats". Anyways, that didn't ruin my evening cause ... well cause Billy's exceptional service was all I could think of (insert heart eyed emoji).\n\nI ordered the greenforest salad with salmon, yam fries and fish taco - yes I ate it all. Everything was to die for. The salad had the perfect amount of dressing! My salmon addition was just an added $1-$2 as I replaced the chicken with salmon. At Joey's they usually charge me for the chicken AND the salmon despite it being  substitution and not actually getting the chicken. But this ain't joeys and praise the lord for that. The yam fries comes with a dip that I could have licked dry. So so yummy. My fish taco was good but not my favorite and likely wouldn't order that again. \n\nPrice is what you would expect from an establishment in the financial center. $60 for my meal above. Decor is nice nothing to write home about. Everyone kept saying to me "Oh Catus is so fancy" but not sure why. I did not find it 'fancy' as such - not to say it wasn't nice. Everyone made it sound like some upscale 5 star hotel. Haven't been on the patio yet. \n\nReservation was a bit of a pain according to my friend who did it for us. Definitely advisable to book ahead. She had to go through email correspondence with a reservation "consultant" which took place in segments of 24 hr wait periods over a total or 2-3 days. \n\nOk, back to Billy! Near the end he asked us what time our show was and if we were good for time. How wonderful is this server? He did he best to make sure our food got out on time as some of my friends joined us late. He also came around with 3 credit card machines to make sure we all paid quickly and efficiently in order to make it in time for our 8 pm show. I would come back over and over if servers like Billy are the standard here. Excellent first experience! Great food, great place and excellent service!
I went there today the costumer service is amazing they stayed with me and helped me find the best meat for my BBQ... They have the best quality meat I have ever seen better than smiths, Von's, or wallmart... I will always buy my meat from here and I recommend you should too. You will not regret it.
There is a reason this place has won awards for its BBQ. Excellent. Delicious. Great service.
Jamie and Teresa are truly caring realtors.  They will help you find not a house but a home. They also will not pressure you into anything you truly do not want to buy.  They put our best interests First.\nThank you for being honest and caring realtors!
Excellent breakfast restaurant. Always busy and staff handles it great. Coffee is real good as well.
Pittsburgh foodies are SPOILED ROTTEN!!! This was the best Mortons I have ever been to in my life and its located in the heart of their downtown... South Florida (my home and the most conspicuously consumptive area in America) has a Mortons that these folks would turn their noses up at, as they booked the first flight home!!! The ambience here was chic and gorgeous while the service was heartfelt and top shelf... Our server, Jess, took her time with us and explained the menu like we were in kindergarten. She brought me the best five onion soup in the world and then blew me away with the spiciest cajun steak I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Dinner was so pleasant and wonderful that I had a food coma dream about buying property here and spending my days in the Carnegie museums and my nights at Mortons (I woke up screaming though, when I dreamt of wearing a Steelers jersey and rooting for the Pirates). The evening was complete when our busperson (who knew we were Hurricane Irma refugees) brought out a massive, piping hot loaf of onion bread for us to enjoy in the morning at our hotel room... Theres nothing like good ol' Pittsburgh hospitality (ITS NOT A CLICHE) and theres no better restaurant than Mortons!
Quick Casual Restaurant. Why bother with Gordon Ramsey's BurGR when you can have a FANTABULOUS burger, wine or margarita to boot at Bobby's Burger Palace and sit outside and bask in the Las Vegas sun!  The burger choice is expansive but not overwhelming. The burgers are cooked to order and the combination of flavors is outstanding. Add to that that it is relatively affordable and won't bust your wallet. What a terrific dining experience! I'm Lovin' Bobby Flay right now!
If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, you definitely have to check this place out! The restaurant is super clean and the customer service is awesome. I usually get the carne asada tacos or burrito which I definitely recommend.  If you stop by on the weekend try the menudo! Always yummy never greasy.
5 stars without question.  This place is 20 miles from my house in Candler, but I will be back time and time again.  Even though it's tucked away in a gas station, Local Joint could easily thrive downtown alongside some of the legends of Asheville.  The burger I had was easily among the best 3 I've ever tasted, and my wife said that she has never had sirloin prepared so perfectly in her entire life, no exaggeration.\n\nThe prices are spectacular for the quality that you get, and the pride in local sources makes it fit right into the AVL scene.
Recently went to get my hair done in pretty much every sense of the word. Because of an amateur cut, my hair had terrible ends.  It's naturally very thick and had become unhealthy and unmanageable. \n\nWas I ever fortunate to be assigned Lise, a relatively new stylist at Helmet. An excellent listener, she got what I was looking for, gave great advice, and cleaned up my hair expertly. Bonus points for not being flustered by the sheer volume of hair, which other stylists have bemoaned. Extra bonus points for keeping it comfortable all the way through. No aggressive pulling, no painful detangling, yet everything got done. My hair feels & looks much better. Best haircut experience I've ever had. Lise = highly recommended.
My new 4 month old 31 cubic foot LG French door refrigerator didn't seem to be making enough ice ( only filled to half in 24 hours) so I called this "authorized" service contractor G2 to have a look. The tech came out within about 5 days and said that I needed a new fan and board which he ordered. A week later they came back to put the parts in and things appeared to be fine and I went on vacation for 2 weeks. I had my sister check on the house mid way while I was gone and she found the control panel with "er" "f5". All of the food in the freezer was thawed and the water and ice wouldn't work. Only the refrigerator was working. After she let me know and cleaned up the mess I called for the tech to come out to check  to see what happened. They came out the day after I returned which was a week later and found that the tech had ordered and installed the wrong "board" the first time but they told me they would rush the correct part and have it within the week ( before my out of town company arrives). Ok, I know that people make mistakes and stuff happens but they didn't call me, I had to call them and had to explain to the girl that I had expected to hear something from them to schedule the appointment by now. She checked with someone there and when she called back she said that they would probably be getting the part the day my company was coming in and that they'd call to schedule for sometime after that over a week later!! And no one addressed the cost of my food loss which I think they owe me. Customer service isn't one of their strong points either! I hope there's another repair service for LG as I have the 3- year warranty!Yikes! I will update this if they handle this right from here out.
Give these guys 5 stars very good customer service fast delivery of my permit would recommend to anyone to avoid lines
If I could give 0 stars I would. WORST AIRLINE EVER! I booked off Expedia and there was no mention that when I got to the airport I would be PAYING 50$ for a carry on!! Unbelievable! I totally understand the fee for a checked bag but a small carry on? Unreal. The horrible staff said I would still be paying less than a flight on another airline. WRONG. Had I booked the other flight on virgin that was almost booked I would pay 5$ more when booking on Expedia however wouldn't have to spend the 50$ EACH way for my carry on. Now to the problems while AT the airport. I'm flying an hour flight And I'm delayed over 2 hours. Not for weather or something uncontrollable. For "aircraft maintenance". Which means the AIRLINE wasn't prepared. And what do they do to compensate? Absolutely NOTHING. I will NEVER FLY THIS AIRLINE AGAIN! And unless they refund my flight or bags or something! I will make sure everyone I know, including my 3,000 fb friends, family, etc know how horrible of an airline this is. I will be surprised if you are still in business within the year. I fly way to often to deal with this over priced, rude, and trashy airline!! \nGood like spirit
Eide's Records is THE music store in Pittsburgh. And Comic Books. And other crazy counter\/sub-culture items. My first experience with Eide's was in the early 80's when it was on the North Side. I was playing Dungeons and Dragons and they had a ton of books and stuff. The books were under the records, so we'd crawl around under the punks & skins to find the coveted Dungeonmaster manual. It's really how I found out about Punk Music. I bought a Sex Pistols album just because of the name, I was 13 it was taboo. It's a love affair that stills burns today. Eide's is about 20 times the size now in it's Penn Ave location by the Convention Center.
Fantastic friendly restaurant with authentic middle eastern \/ Jewish food! Super clean and nicely decorated. Most importantly, the food is delicious!
Amazing! I loved my first experience here. I've never gotten glitter or nail art done with gel before and I was extremely impressed with Desiree's skill. She's amazing!
I know, 5 stars for a buffet.  But, this is as good as it gets for a buffet.   Really.  Unless of course, you can get it comp'd.
Super cute place in the heart of Chandler. Their cold brew is delicious and on tap. Great atmosphere (:
After reading some of the reviews, I was a little skeptical going to this walk-in but I had a very positive experience. Reception was friendly and efficient. I didn't have to wait long but was expecting too as it was a walk in. There estimation of wait time was very accurate. I couldn't have been happier with Dr. Taylor. She was very thorough in examination and took the time to describe the condition I had and even googled pictures for me. She explained the different treatment methods and wasn't rushed at all. I wouldn't hesitate to return to this clinic and highly recommend it.
They did my move back in April, and I hadn't gotten around to posting until now. They did a great job at a great price.  They keep their overhead down so their prices are very reasonable.
Most fantastic BBQ I have ever had! The fatty beef brisket is melt in your mouth perfect.  We showed up at 11:30 ( they open at 11am) and we waited for over an hour to place our order, but it was worth every minute in line! The pulled pork is also perfection and the sausage was amazing! The beans and potato salad left something to be desired but were delicious all the same! It was a little pricy but again worth it! I ordered a pound of brisket and a pound of pulled pork to take home it was so good.  Be sure that you show up early as they run out of food frequently and you may miss out on the good stuff! The whole thing is more of an experience than just a meal
I had heard good things about Don Pedro, so when a co-worker suggested we go there for lunch on Friday, I was excited to try it out.  However, I was not terribly impressed with the food or the service.  For one, they were extremely slow in terms of service.  Then, they messed up 2 orders at our table of 4.    I was not a fan at all of their salsa -  it had way too much onion.   The lunch special I ordered was meh. I doubt I'll be going back.
Was super excited for the grand opening in Gilbert! We ended up very disappointed. The bath bombs either smell like cinnamon or chemicals. There was no fitting room. My mother was looking at a rack and an employee reached across her to hang something up. Some of the products did not have sizes listed. the Facebook advertisement said there would be food, drinks, and a food truck; there wasn't. Clothes seemed cheap and were all wrinkled. Pretty much everything were small sizes. I understand this was an opening, and things will improve, but there already is an existing store? Oh and the worst thing, the fb ad and there website have one address, but the store was a mile over. We had to call the mesa store to find out where it was. We were told "the manager must have forgot to change it." I would recommend the wish apps same products, a lot cheaper.
Cheesecake Factory is my absolute fave restaurant but this is the second time I've been at this location and had sub par service. Tonight was the worst! I ordered one plate of food and it took forever to come out.i ordered chicken and biscuits and it was disgusting. My biscuits were so hard and crunchy that I had to send it back. The manager comes out and says "we still have your food in the window we haven't thrown it away we can make you fresh biscuits and re plate it" like really :\/ I don't want that. I'm just totally upset and as much as I love this restaurant we won't be back at this location.
A BIG FAN... perhaps one of the best pizza places in the whole GTA
Was feeling seafood for my birthday but wanted to try something a little different than popular places like boiling crab and hot n' juicy. We also had a fairly good amount of people in the party so I looked for places with the best prices\/options. Like hot n' juicy, this place has family style order options but more value in it, such as more pounds of seafood and higher quality seafood for a slightly cheaper price. The options looked amazing so I booked the reservation and gave it a try! \n\nWe went on a Thursday night so it wasn't crowded at all (although it should be, was shocking that it wasn't). Hospitality was wonderful! The waitresses were very kind, attentive, and helping of our needs. Especially Kim, our main waitress. She also had a great sense of humor. \n\nOn to the food, it was all delicious! We picked just the right flavors and everything tasted fresh. We got the regular and Kumamoto oysters. I am still longing for more of those. We picked 2 of the biggest family size orders. The clams, king crab, and snow crab were killer! Although it was all tasty, those just stood out more to me. One order we mixed garlic butter and lemon pepper with mild spice. The other was the urban mix with mild as well. Both were delicious, just depends on what you feel like more. Feeling a little more spice then I'd go with the urban mix. We also got calamari and a few orders of shrimp fried rice. Everything was perfect and great together! I will definitely be going again and more often. This is going to be my new, go-to for this kind of seafood!
Good food for the price.  The servers are always good. Big place standing room only.  Fast service.  Sometimes I feel like I have to hurry and eat and go. Not a leisurely atmosphere but kid friendly.
You can't beat the happy hour.  Great sushi selection all at a great price.  The crazy and dragon roll are delicious.  If sushi isn't your thing, order the teppenyaki.  I've never been disappointed here
Update:  They ended up taking $10 off my bill and refunding it to my credit card.  I would go here for the skinny margarita but not the food...ever.\n\nOMG...how hard is it??? First I order the queso and chips which what comes is a COLD molded scoop of something resembling spicy processed pimento cheese dip that I send back because it's disgusting.  Then the lady who was waiting on me offers to bring me some salsa for my chips...OK...so she tells me what they have so I said you can bring me the tomatillo.  I didn't know because no one ever told me that the TERRIBLE salsa she brought me was replacing the TERRIBLE queso.  The guacamole also was not good but sort of familiar so I ate it.  Then all of a sudden there is some other waiter, (with red hair and a terrible acne problem) who I don't know who he is, acting like he is waiting on me who brings me my bill and then can't stop talking and just take of the situation and take the $5 off the bill for the nasty food I didn't eat after I EXPLAIN THIS ENTIRE STORY TO HIM!!! He hems and haws because he says he didn't know and blah blah blah....& tells me "this isn't a Tex Mex restaurant it's more Southwest Mex and for me to think "Mesa desert" & finally says: "Do you want me to get the manager?" OMG...really you can't take care of the situation and now I have to repeat myself to another person for the $5 that should have been removed from my bill in the first place due to your nasty food that I sent back!!! But ya know what fine...I don't have time for your incompetence for a WHOLE $5 so you can keep my $5 & the $4 tip I left on the $20 bill.  Welcome to you Yelp review for my trouble and getting ripped off and completely put out by your numbskull behavior and not just taking care of the situation by removing the $5 from my bill instead of arguing with me about! RIDICULOUS!!  & FYI: I've been to the Mesa desert in the Southwest in both Arizona and New Mexico where you know Hatch green chiles come from and I got the same kind of queso as you get in Texas considering they use Hatch green chiles in their HOT queso dip as well from Hatch, New Mexico.  Rolling my eyeballs...
We stopped by this place as it's very close to our apartment and I've always been curious about it, 'what's a jack flap'? My fiancé and I split a Cherry Cola jack flap; cola peach cherries, cobbler streusel, whipped cream; also the veggie omelet. The veggie omelet had caramelized onions, roasted red pepper, brie, and arugaua, which gave it a nice crisp bite.\n\nI felt like the food had a pretty different, thoughtful, and uniqueness to it. The jack flaps were fluffy and delicious, with each ingredient complimenting the other. The omelet also had great ingredients, with the arugula and brie playing off one another.\n\nIt was busy but the service was still pretty decent, I felt the vegetable hash was a very nice touch and creative, more importantly delicious. The coffee was also pretty good. \n\nI'll definitely be back! As I finished writing this I realized I have no choice but to leave a perfect rating, as this hit every aspect I'd expect in a good breakfast spot. The prices could maybe come down just a tiny bit, but overall they're right where they should be.
Horrible customer servie, unnecessarily rude service staff that talks down to you, and a small selection of rental equipment. I will go back only if I have no other option.
I recently moved to the area and have been on the hunt for a good bagel shop\/bakery. I have been here twice now and haven't been impressed either time. The first time I went inside, which was nice. I ordered the cinnamon bagel with honey walnut cream cheese. I must say, that cream cheese is divine!! The blueberry muffin was a joke...really greasy and not tasty. I came here again for breakfast and went to the drive thru, which was really fast and efficient. I just kept it simple with a plain bagel and plain cream cheese and didn't have any complaints. All in all, this place is OK but nothing special. I really wish they had more bakery items to choose from since their restaurant has the word "bakery" in it.
Delicious food and probably the best burger in Las Vegas.  BUT make sure you have plenty of time to wait...  Once you put your name on the list its a good 45 minutes before you get any glimpse of your food.  If servers here worked in an emergency room patients would be dead in the grave before they got their name called...
Tried them out last night for the first time. Worst service I've ever experienced. Were not greeted by anyone so guessed we should seat ourselves. Finally an annoyed looking waitress came over to get drinks she returned with empty kids cups and a pitcher of water for me to fill. Wings were delivered with no plates, drinks were empty. Finally pizza was delivered and plopped next to the table without so little as a smile. So I had to stand up to serve my family their pizza Again drinks EMPTY. Pizza was subpar at best. We had to get up to find waitress (gossiping and playing on her phone behind counter) for silverware, plates and drinks. When the bill arrived she had added gratuity because we were a party of 5? Went with my husband and 3 kids youngest of whom is a BABY. WOW worst service and shady waitress.
this SunChain location has the best staff EVER!!! always super friendly and helpful!!!!!!!!!! great tanning lotion and suggestions also.
My husband and I went to the Sushi making class at AiP Get Creative and it was a blast. They showed you exactly what to do in preparing sushi from start to finish and talked about the history behind it. We made a ton of rolls, inside out, cones etc and they gave us a variety of ingredients to add and create.  It was a great event and it was something different to do for a date night. They have lots of other classes and some are multiple days. We will def be signing up for another class soon and can't wait to see what we will learn next.
They get the work done, but they are interested in what most car shops are interested in: your money. I had a lot of repair work recommended for my car, that in my opinion, was not necessary. I'd skip this place as there are better service shops in the area.
Of course, they're best known for the weird stuff. As a transplant from New York who believes that the regular cheese slice is the highest human creation, I am horrified by the idea of mac 'n cheese or taco pizzas or whatever oddities are available on a given day. But what often gets overlooked about Ian's is that their cheese slices are very good. So many places just pile cheese on bread, neglecting the third of the canonical pizza ingredients, and while cheese is delicious, at Ian's they take the sauce seriously as well. In my view, it's the best New York-style slice in town.\n\nI've had a few of the less adventurous specialty slices, and they're good too. But don't let all the hype about all the strange slices, or the image of the place as the place where drunk college students go at 2am, deceive you; Ian's pizza is really good.
Sakura als Alternative zu Fai Sushi wollten meine Kollegen und ich schon lange ausprobieren.\n\n\n Die Inneneinrichtung ist eher karg, obwohl die roten Laterne draussen ganz nett waren :) Die Bedienung ist begrenzt freundlich, aber recht flott und die Abräumgeschwindigkeit lobenswert - nicht ganz unwichtig beim running Sushi...\n\n\n Meine Kollegen haben Sushi all you can eat genommen, während ich ein Gericht aus der Mittagskarte bestellt habe.\n\n\n Beim Sushi-Bewertung muss ich mich meinem Vorgänger anschliessen: Was da auf dem Band einem entgegenkamen, hatte in den meisten Fällen mit Original-Sushi nur sehr entfernt was zu tun. Da es Mittags war und das Buffet nur 9,- kostete, waren die eher teureren Nigiris auch rar und schnell weg. Meine Kollegen waren trotzdem zufrieden - schließlich ist das Sushi bei Fai deutlich teurer und auch nicht viel besser...\n\n\n Mein Mittagsteller mit Suppe war jedoch für den Preis erstaunlich lecker und appetitlich zubereitet. Der Reis war flockig, die Sauce geschmackvoll und das Gemüse frisch - und das Ganze für 5,5 EUR. Dass der chinesische Teil der Speisekarte deutlich besser war mag damit zusammenhängen dass alle Mitarbeiter des Restaurants Chinesen waren und nicht Japanern.\n\n\n Meine Kollegen wollen auf jeden Fall wieder hingehen wenn sie Lust auf Sushi haben, und ich werde wieder was chinesisches bestellen :)
As a former resident of western Washington,  I feel it's necessary to make it clear that this "Haggen" is no Haggen. This location (and I'm assuming the others in the valley) lacks the pieces that make Haggen awesome--the delightfully complicated floor plan, the wide selection of specialty and organic food, wonderful and fresh produce, and a made-to-order deli with sandwiches, sushi, and salad\/cheese\/olive bar that was a regular lunch staple for me! (If any east coasters are familiar with Wegmans, Haggen is like a west coast Wegmans.) Sure, when money was a little tight I would go to Haggen just for meat, produce and a meal from the deli and pick up the other pantry staples somewhere cheaper, but the prices I paid for those items were well worth the extra cost. Here, though, the produce was overpriced and low quality, the deli was absolutely nothing like how it should be, and we found expired milk and bread. :(\n\nMy husband and I were so excited when we got the mailers, thinking we could return to our favorite grocery store from WA. However, this location is basically (probably literally) an old Vons that they put no effort into making a real Haggen; they just slapped some Haggen signs throughout. I was disappointed and will continue shopping at Sprouts on W. Sahara.
We were at the Beaches the other day and saw that a line was starting to form outside this restaurant. So of course we had to see what the fuss was all about!\n\nThe place was packed (it was the Thursday evening before the Good Friday holiday) but we didn't really need to wait that long (15 mins max maybe?). We wished though that they had a bigger waiting area, or at least a warmer one...anyway.\n\nThe interior was cozy and like another reviewer already mentioned, it did get a little noisy. Service was friendly and quick.\n\nI got the chicken shish kebob (with house salad and basmati rice) and my friend ordered the salmon fillet with white wine cream sauce (with caesar salad and mashed potato). My chicken was juicy and grilled just right. Even without the sauce that came with it, it was so tasty. Two skewers came out to about 9 pieces of chicken, which was way too much for me. Had enough to take home and eat for lunch the next day!\n\nThe salmon, although also very good, was swimming in the cream sauce. If you like that sort of thing, you may appreciate the extra (extra extra) sauce but I would have preferred the sauce cut in half. It would have been just as delicious.\n\nWhat you MUST stay away from, however, is the peach bellini, which tasted so much like Robitussin (or whatever your cough syrup preference!). \n\nAll in all though, it was a great meal. Was about $50 for two. So not so bad, as the servings are huge. Would definitely go back and try other items in the menu like the trout and maybe their salads.
I'm Persian  (i came from San Jose CA to visit my friend and they took me to Persian room) and this is the best Persian food outside of Iran and CA! Try the koobideh  you won't regret it! very flavorful, delicious food.
Cafe Soban may now be the place for me to hang out and chill while waiting for my date!\n\nBlack Sesame Seed Latte ($4.49)! Need I say more?!\n\nRight at the Corner of Yonge and Finch, talking about location!\n\nPlush comfy seatings... with tons of booth seatings overlooking Yonge or Finch, talking about scenery!\n\nFast, reliable WIFI and with tons of outlets. I usually hang out at Starbucks across the street but lately their wifi never works!\n\nNot too busy but does have Kpop as background... if that's not your thing, maybe you need some ear plugs.
We used ET Limo for our wedding. They just took myself and my wife back to the hotel and my only regret is that we didn't use them for more of our transportation. We chose the Chrysler 300 Stretch which was one of the coolest limos I've ever been in. Our driver was on time (early even), courteous, and helpful. They were exactly what we were looking for in a limo company.
Took my wife here on a date. We went on a Friday night and got seated within 20 min. Our server wouldn't stand still long enough to get our whole order, I actually had to stop her from walking away so I could order a beer (I could never get her stationary long enough to order my wife a drink so she stuck with the water that never got refilled).\n  My wife got the Rubin melt it was OK but she said she wouldn't come back for it. I had the Triple bypass burger and it was one of the best burgers I have had. Their beer (brewed on site) was amazing. The atmosphere was a little loud but hey it was a Friday night\n I would have given this place 4 stars if the service wasn't so poor.
I have had a few people contact me about my experience and asking how my eyebrows are now and figured I'd post an update. I am still extremely happy with my eyebrows. They look great and natural and over the moon.  I have posted before and after pictures.  I will definitely be going back every couple of years for a "touch-up".
I go there expecting a kind of bland taste that you would expect from a healthy burger joint.  The food was very good, better than expected.  It was a little pricey and everything is separate (i.e. burger is separate from fries from drink, there are no value meals).  Other than that, very much recommended.
This place is tucked in at Tecumseth between King W and Queen W. It's small with a few tables outside.\n\nI would say that the tapas is more on the higher price end and well, of course tapa-sized. Also, the food is predominantly local, with wild meats. I should say that the menu isn't accommodating to those who don't eat pork... I'd say that 9\/10 menu items contain pork. That leads me to say that the waitress wasn't very familiar with the menu which is somewhat concerning. I grew up in the family business so I know that it's important that the waitresses are knowledgeable of the menu items - fixed items as well as seasonal. \n\nService is okay. Food was good.
It does not get any better than this place, I wish they had a location in the NW Valley but it probably wouldn't be as cool.  I love the casual atmosphere (has a rocky point feel to it) and you usually get good service.  When they are really busy I just get my drinks from the center bar and it is always fast.  It is also not too loud here when you are having a conversation like many other places.  Prices aren't bad either, just my favorite all around bar that seems always to be busy just because it is too cool.  Oh and the food is good too.
Auf der oberen Empore am MediaMarkt im Breuningerland gelegen.\nInnen ca 30 Sitzplätze, vor dem SI auf der Empore ca. 50 Sitzplätze, wobei die Tische sehr Nahe zusammen stehen.\nDer Kellner ist zackig , das Essen wurde sehr zügig serviert.\nKeine Location für ein Rendezvous oder größeres Geschäftsessen, für ein fixes Mittagessen aber mehr als ok
Do not buy a timeshare from them!!! All they do is tell you lies, to get you to buy from them!! 2 managers have told me they would call me back and follow up with me and neither of them have called back! Sunny chuck and Luis Flores are full of BS and then they tell you I will put a reminder in my calendar to make sure to call you back with a follow up!!! & beware they also run your credit with out telling you , until it's already been run and you go to the back to fill paperwork out!!! Nothing but LIEs LIES Lies!!!! Horrible company, stay away!!!!
Fantastic Yorkville staple. Sato is a legend, still doing his thing in stride. Unless you're offended by dated sports memorabilia or fantastic sushi, you'll like this place. \n\nMenu is simple and well-executed. Fish is always fresh, delicious and generously cut. Everything from miso soup to tempura is excellent. Fresh honeydew and orange with your cheque.
This review is for the pho and bun bo hue. After a fun night on the town and very little sleep, a bowl of pho is the type of comfort food you need. The pho broth was ok but the flavors weren't as rich and developed in comparison to other pho I've had. The bun bo hue wasn't very spicy and the broth tasted 'thin' without much depth or flavor.
I recently visited Restore before attending a Cleveland Indians baseball game. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable as they guided me through the different choices. I chose juice #1 - it was outstanding! I highly recommend you take the time to visit Restore Cold Pressed.  You will not be disappointed.
Nico is our favorite restaurant, and I have been dying to try the octopus from Virtú for so long now, and we finally tried it-AMAZING! Our server, Jessica was very sweet and helped us with the menu choices, and gave great recommendations. \n\nWe miss the steak with cherries! That was a favorite but still love the other things we try also! Sticky toffee chocolate cake has changed since we used to go, seems a bit more dry-also still a favorite dessert though!
I ate at FnB while visiting Scottsdale, largely based on the rave reviews of my fellow Yelpers. \n\nLoved the amazingly edited, flavorful, really interesting menu, which I'm sure changes really often. This so could have been 5 stars EXCEPT other than getting our order and rushing us out with the check, our service was pretty... Absent. Although shout out to the water boys who kept us hydrated. \n\nMy other beef is about the "B" in the name. In my mind, there would be some expectation of real drink options based on the name alone. I'm usually a fan of BYO, but I thought the corkage fees (even for beer?) were inordinate and not keeping with the spirit of the place.
I love this Target! It's always clean and well organized and the people are pretty friendly. It's way more pleasant to shop at then the local Walmart. I would give it 5 stars if it had a bigger, better grocery section.
Love the food here. Great breakfast.  Kimberly the hostess greeted us with a smile and was awesome. Our server on the other hand was not so good. She was slow and never saw her after the food was delivered. Alejandr was busy talking and texting instead of getting our food. Drinks were never refilled and after waiting for a long time I finally went to the register and got my check. Great food. Bad service.
Love the Smith Center.  Saw Wicked and Chris Botti here.  It is an amazing facility with great seats, great ambiance and great service.  The secret is to go to the top floor, grab a drink and step out in the balcony and look at downtown.  Gorgeous.  I love the fact that we, the locals, have a place that would rival the theater's in LA.  The parking is even free.  I highly Highly recommend seeing a show here at on of the local treasures in Las Vegas.  $470Mil well spent!
We wanted a quick bite for breakfast, it was either this or the buffet at Harrahs. \n\nI had the oatmeal and the fruit platter. It was surprisingly delicious. Everything was fresh, the oatmeal wasn't dry or clumpy. I was a happy camper.\n\nThe seating situation in this place is ridiculous. They ask you if you have a diners card, and if you don't, they show you to something that resembles a cluster of people. You have no idea whose next, where the end of the "line" or "cluster" is. It's really unorganized. SO unorganized that we actually left, because we were confused. We went to check out the buffet, came back to the Cafe 5 minutes later, there was a new group of people waiting in the cluster, and we skipped them all, because, after all we were waiting before. Nobody noticed anything, nobody said anything we just cut in front of everyone. I'm not complaining but it is what it is, unorganized. \n\nAll in all, good cafe food, a little overpriced, but you're in Vegas.
If you like over the top cheesy neon coloured lighting, over-priced sweet cocktails that don't taste like they have booze in them and very average food then you'll be happy here.  I kind of felt like I was walking on to the set of an Ed Hardy commercial except it was dead in there.
One of the best burgers places to go to in North Carolina, and also home to some great appetizers, desserts and salads. I enjoyed an amazing three-course meal at Bad Daddy's Ballantyne with great service. Our waitress suggested trying to BBQ Chicken Nachos (with grilled pineapple )that definitely lived up to my expectation and more. For my entree, I tried the Frenchie Sandwich with a turkey burger, grilled apples, Brie cheese, bacon and more with sweet potato fries. We got our meals very quickly and you could tell everything was hot and fresh. For dessert, we treated ourselves to the Peanut Butter Pie and oh...my...goodness. The pie crush tasted like a PB\/Chocolate cookie and the filling was a mousse texture with chocolate drizzle on top. Typically, PB brittle is served on top but we decided to not get that. On the other end of the spectrum, their salads are also a great option with the Greek being my favorite. Overall, a great experience! Will definitely go back.
The girls are great and the taro milk tea was fantastic.  I really liked the experience.
I hate to give it this rating b\/c I've been with this practice for 20+ years. Dr. Larson was my doctor. She is no longer in practice (and was the best OB\/GYN) in this town. Loved her and even the doctors I "rotated" to see before giving birth to my children. I went in last week for a small issue. I saw one of the newest doctors (Dr. O). First, I waited for 45 minutes in the lobby. Next, the doctor listened to my issues but never examined me. Instead, she ordered a sonogram to rule out any problems. I had this done one year ago and they had to record of it (I was fine). And this was a first but I couldn't believe it: I was told to skip across the hall into the office to have the sonogram. Yes, naked from the waist down. Fine. But that person had to grab my clothing and purse out of the room. I changed back into my clothes in that office after that was done. I will now receive a hefty bill for this and know my insurance won't pick it up. I ADORE the nurse (Zane), but Dr. "O" is so young and what made me mad is that she didn't even look at me (and I'm due for a pap; she told me to wait until August). This sort of thing NEVER happened in the past. I have no desire to return. Nice staff, but I was turned off by way too many things that day. Grossed out that they didn't even cover the "foot rests" in the stirrups. They were covered by what looked like used socks. I will not go back.
My friends and I trekked out to Corktown to grab brunch at Morning Glory, only to discover it was closed. This worked out well in the end, as we walked down a laneway and ended up at Gilead Cafe instead. This is yet another Jamie Kennedy restaurant. Like his other ventures, this place is excellent. Despite being in a pretty unassuming light-industrial building, the interior of the restaurant is really nice. They did a great job decorating the space, and it has a lot of character. The food is delicious. My friends and I had the poutine, a grilled cheese sandwich, and a spring salad, and all of the dishes were quite good. (Kennedy knows how to make fries, and the poutine was really something else.) This place is definitely worth checking out again.
Five star for this place. They carry some cute stuff which always surprise me. The store is not the huge, but it is big enough for me I think. I always can find what I want in this store. And the price is reasonable. Some stuff is cheaper than toys r us. And the Location is good for those people who living around downtown Toronto. It is easy parking on the street. But the facade of the store is not that  attractable, you can not find out that is a baby store if you just walking through.
I was randomly in Mesa with two people who also have no knowledge of Mesa. We ended up here and it was fine - but probably not the place we had in mind. \n\nRed, White, and Brew is like a glorified Applebee's. Lots of families, lots of wood booths. Based off the name, I was hoping to be blown away by the beer selection, but it was pretty standard. \n\nMaybe the real problem was that our server was a little odd. Very friendly, but odd. He stood a little too close, came over a little too often. One of the odder things was that he snatched my full glass of water because there was no ice in it anymore ... that had been intentional - I don't like ice in my water and had been waiting for it to melt. Again, not ill-intentioned, but a little odd. \n\nWe ordered the pita pizza appetizer and it was cold - the cheese partially melted. Meh. The mains were all fine - but again, very comprable to an Applebees. \n\nI don't live anywhere near here, but if I did - I wouldn't be back.
Overall a pretty great venue. It's set up so you can see well from any seat in the house. Plenty of bars and restrooms available which is nice for a venue this size. I always prefer a seat to standing room and the seats at the top don't disappoint. We could easily see even with all the seats in front of us filled. The sound guys did an excellent job of ensuring the instruments didn't drown out the vocals. What's even better is prices are reasonable too.
Maximillion Salon and Spa offers an experienced and caring staff who listens to the clients needs.  Each Stylist has 30 plus years experience and keep up with the current trends with on going education to give each client a fresh new look.  Rebecca, Rose and Suzie are master Colorists and stylists and have a true passion for the industry.
Wow. Just wow, in the worst way possible. Was it an OFF night or something for them the night that I decided to enjoy my first meal in Vegas when I landed?\n\nI've heard only amazing things about Monta Ramen from fellow online Yelpers. But lemme tell ya, I should have listened to my actual Yelp foodie friends from the Bay Area. They told me, "Monta ain't all that." \n\nDon't get me wrong, service was pretty good actually. Maybe too good...cuz my ramen came out within minutes of ordering. How is that even possible? Do they have it pre-made in the back and it's just microwaved or something?\n\nI had very high hopes for Monta, sadly...I will never return. Here are my reasons:\n\n1. TOO SALTY. And even if you ask for less salty...you're still gonna feel bloated as shizz from the sodium.\n\n2. Noodles are NO BUENO. They're like thin vermicelli noodles. I like my ramen noodles thick and with the right kinda chew!\n\n3. My soft boiled egg got cold within minutes. Hmmmm :-|\n\n4. Spicy means weaksauce-American-spicy to them.\n\n5. Oh yes, and there's always a wait here too. Why, I have no clue...\n\nDo yourself a favor. Go across the street to Ramen Sora and have a real bowl of delicious ramen. \n\nYou can tell I was quite excited to sit down and enjoy my meal when I first got to Monta...check out my YouTube vlog for that weekend: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=DhN4ggfu52w&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
Breaking news courtesy of KDKA TV-2: Saturday night was MB's last night in business. Shadyside's Walnut Grill has purchased the building, making an offer that MB's owner's reportedly "couldn't turn down." The Erie and Harrisburg locations will remain open. \n\nThe Post-Gazette also published an article on this...\n\nhttp:\/\/www.post-gazette.com\/pg\/11348\/1196759-100.stm
After receiving a Fox gift card from a co-worker my guy and I decided on Culinary Dropout to go use it at. The atmosphere was fun, hip and cool with a warm evening to round it out with outdoor seating. We had already checked out the the menu before heading over so we already had an idea of what we wanted. To start I got the brown bag beer just cause it sounded cool and the soft pretzels and cheese which were amazing!! I also got the grilled chicken club and the "cheap house salad" yes that is the real name. My guy got the chicken curry. We were both pleased with the food it was good portions with good flavor but it was nothing that really wowed us. For it being a week day evening the place was about 2\/3 with no wait for a table however our only negative comment during the meal was that it seemed to take the waitress quite some time to come back to us  to check in and offer the check. All in all it was a good meal and nice atmosphere.
I can not tell you how thankful I am to have found this place. Two years ago when I moved to AZ, my husband bought me a beautiful Michele watch and I needed it sized. From the moment I walked in, the gentlemen there took incredible care of my jewelry. They've now sized and replaced batteries on 4 of my watches, and cleaned my wedding rings. I've never seen my rings look as good as they do when I left there. I wouldn't trust anyone else with my precious jewelry!
Their squash soup warms the heart!
The decor of this place is amazing and overwhelming. We were greeted at the door, and kindly shown to our seats, while being told about the specials and where the washrooms were. That was nice. \n\nWhile walking to our tables, we had to walk through the buffet area. It seemed rather large with a lot of variety. Notable dishes were Peking Duck, special soup, and giant chicken wings! The prime rib was not bad either, and the sashimi was pretty good. They had sweet shrimp sashimi! Had to peel it myself but, meh. It tasted good. \n\nThe salad bar was a little pitiful, but I guess Asians don't like salad? Haha I don't know. I'm Asian, and I like salad. \n\nOn Friday's they have fresh oysters rather than crab legs, which would be my preference. But too bad I didn't get a chance to come in on Friday. \n\nThe crowd itself was rather.. unpleasant. A lot of pushy people, and rude. But this had nothing to do with the service or food. \n\nI personally like Dragon Pearl better because it's basically the same but you get half a lobster. at $31.99, it's not a bad place to go for a special occassion. Seniors over 65 get 20% off their meal.
A good burger, but too expensive!  Great milkshakes too and decent fries, but for the same price-you can dine in at nearby Islands Restaurant for the same quality of food.
Updated Review:\n\nI would like to thank the GM Don for taking the time to call me back regarding this review. He apologized and acknowledged someone should have called me with the change in price. He knows that it is something on his end that needs to be enforced. He also saw in his computer system that my family has been buying Dodge for over 15 years as well as getting service on our vehicles through them.  I appreciate companies that take pride in their customers and work to resolve the issue. No the company did not give me refund; I believe he is going to fix this issue as the General Manager based on our conversation. \n\nOriginal Review:\nTook my 2006 Dodge Charger Daytona Edition to get a quote for 2 motor mounts. I was told it was approximately $1,500. I never received a call. So I followed up with a call and they said it would be done in two days. When they called me to pick it up they told me a different price which was over $2,000. They never called to tell me the prices were going to go up. They said the parts cost more, how do parts cost go up that quickly. Let alone why didn't anyone call me to confirm the new price, before getting started on my car. What if I didn't have the money. This place is a rip off and knows they have a monopoly since their only competition is Towbin which is worse. I will never go there again.   Goodbye Dodge, your dealer isn't honest. What's said is I was trying to get honest dealer work because I want to save this vehicle to hold as a classic.\nWould not recommend and very disappointed in their inability to call me.
This place had the best iced latte I've had in a long time and the baristas were not pretentious and too cool to be nice to you. They even filled up our 64oz water for us since we were heading to red rock after. They were so sweet and the espresso was so delicious. I wish this place existed in my city!!
The food was good but expected more from all fuss people were making. \n\nThe wait killed us.  We were quoted an hour so we walked around and came back. We waited a total of 1 hour 20 minutes and were seated just as we were walking out. When we came back they told us we were the next table of three but found they seated others before us. Had to complain twice to make sure we were really next.  They also forgot our biscuits and scones.  But the waiter gave us one for free even though we cancelled the order.
My husband and I went to Scarpetta on our recent anniversary trip.  It was amazing!  We started out with the scallops appetizer and it was great, delicious and cooked perfectly.  My husband had the spaghetti and I had the stracci.  Both dishes were delicious.  We ended the night with a gingerbread pear crisp with cinnamon ice cream.  Everything had was great.  To make the night even better, the service was the best we could ask for.  Our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable.  We will definitely be back when we go to Vegas again.
Hidden Gem one of the best Chinese spots in town  better then PF Changs in quality and value.
Hot as in Turn On the A\/C!!  Holy swamp balls batman.  This was one of our stops via Nite Tours and I wished this was not one of them.  The music was good, but it was crowded and there was about to be a throw down near me.   I didn't want my kicks to get messed up so I snitched on em and had security diffuse the tension.  Drink prices avg $12-14, decor was cool upstairs, and I was really not feeling the crowd at all.
This was our second visit. The first was in the evening with a wait. This time was lunch with no wait. The food was good but not amazing. I split a jerk turkey burger which was of ample size and tasty. We also split the cauliflower side. Thought it was a bit overpriced for the size. The caesar salad was excellent but again, a bit small for the portion size. Come on, lettuce! With so much competition nearby, they need to up their game a bit. Much potential.
I love Mediterranean food and good service. This restaurant was neither especially the latter. I've worked at a 5 star\/5 diamond  restaurant but have my favorite hole in the wall no star joints with excellent service and quality food.  Will never step foot into this restaurant again. No customer service (no one greeted us as we waited at the podium for 10 minutes and servers kept passing by) and food is mediocre. Doesn't taste authentic and food is overpriced. Not recommended!
First time at this place. Unbelievable staff. Very friendly. Great food. Would recommend to other people.
I'm going to do my best to describe the meal we just had at Tako, but I certainly won't do it justice. Suffice it to say, it was one of the most perfect experiences dining out that we've had in a long, long time.\n\nWe knew coming in to not over order tacos like we did the last time, which put us in good shape. To start we had the classic guacamole and the Poke appetizer. The guacamole was as good as the last time with some homemade, still warm, tortilla chips.\n\nThe Poke? One of the best appetizers we've ever had. It was served with a spicy soy dressing, whipped lime and guacamole (which we weren't expecting). You eat it over some rice crackers and it melted in your mouth.\n\nFor our tacos, we decided on the bistec and the special Korean fried chicken which were both incredible. The couple next to us overordered like we did on or first visit, you could see it in their face immediately.\n\nWe were drinking beer and a cucumber margarita that had my wife salivating... After dinner we had a pour it Reposado to go with our sangrita. They didn't have sangrita last time we were here, so I'm glad they added it to the menu (as their manager promised).\n\nWhich led us to dessert. Fresh cheesecake served in a bowl with vanilla ice cream, fresh berries, and a lime (strawberry?) sauce. I'm not even that big on cheesecake, but once again, perfection. It didn't have any "crust" or "crunch" element but the fresh berries and mint were fantastic.\n\nIt was a special occasion, but the bill was only $100, which for what we got was incredibly reasonable. I booked the reservations 3 weeks in advance, so plan ahead of you want an early enough reservation. They definitely cater to couples of two, as opposed to parties.
The hotel is getting a little dated.  It is located right next door to the new arena being built, which would be great once completed.  There are several other construction projects that make walking the strip a little difficult on this side of the street.  The hotel wifi is only available on the first 2 floors, which is lousy these days.  My bathtub faucet dripped all night and the fixtures could have been a little nicer.  The shower head was very low for someone 6' tall.  The food was decent, Overall for the price point, this is a 3 of 5.
We used to love Serrano's. It was definitely our go to Mexican Restaurant. However, the last several times we went, the service was poor. It appeared as if they needed more servers. Our waiter was slow (or too busy) to attend to our table.  \nThe food is good. The salsa is great and it's nice to get the bean dip as well. Overall, I would still recommend it if you're not in a hurry.
I've never had great experiences at this location but never felt like it was worth it to write a review, but tonight's experience pushed me over the edge. My mom and I went to subway because it was one of the quickest places to eat around that was still open. We walked in at 9:30 and they closed at 10. We felt like that gave us enough time to and we weren't going in right before they closed. Well the employees must have thought differently because they were giving us attitude from the get go. One of the ladies was at least trying to be pleasant but the other one was not whatsoever. She acted as if us walking into the store was a huge inconvenience to her and the fact that we stayed and ate there made it even worse. But what made it even worse was that while we were eating, they turned off the front lights so only the back, counter lights were on and they locked the front door before they were even closed. If they were closed and we stayed past their operating hours, I would understand such treatment but considering they locked the doors and turned the lights off while they were supposed to be open was both, bad business and super inconsiderate to those that were still in the store. I'm infuriated by their poor customer service
What a great collection! We visited the ROM to see their Darwin exhibit, which was incredible! Not only was the collection huge, it was displayed in a way that did not overload you. My other favorite was their Egyptian collection. They had a whole wall mural that was spectacular. \n\nI don't recall all of the permanent collection, but the museum has vast collections that could take hours to take it. I can't wait to go back and view the rest! \n\nParking wasn't difficult, and the Tim Horton's across the street was a great place to grab a bite while taking a rest.
Bomb.com but 1hour wait FK that. with all the $$ they make they need to expand the place.
Poor service\nMgr would not accept criticism when told  waiter to charge for bad order\n\nGood food...bad attitude\n\nNeeds service improvement
This is our go to place in Gilbert when we want to grab dinner. It's close by and the food is always hot and delicious! I personally like the buffalo chicken wrap and the burgers. My family frequently get the ribs and the monte cristo. \nOnly 4 stars because sometimes the service isn't be the best- but it's never been horrible!
My elderly mother was twice conveniently canceled for her initial checkup by the dr's office.  Doctor apparently has surgeries often on Thursdays and they don't hesitate to cancel without warning...they called twice the day before!  Now, I have to scramble to get my mother another doctor as this one is just too unreliable for appointments!
Love these guys, love the double decker. Quality pie, nice staff, good prices. Come here, eat pizza, make friends.
The one good thing about this place is it is always consistent, the bad thing is it's always a consistently not good.  \n\nThe margaritas are so-so, the food is so-so and so is the service - this time we lucked out and got an adequate server.  Most of the staff are poorly dressed and unkempt.  Make sure to order your next cocktail way before your first is finished so you get it in time.  \n\nThe kicker, the state of the restaurant - it is dirty, unkept and in desperate need of a face-lift or at the very least a fresh coat of paint and pressure washed.  A friend that was with us stated that it's because college kids don't care about the environment that they eat in.  Looking around I pointed out the families and said that if they appealed to the families and the corporate offices in the area, they may have a better environment for guests AND staff.\n\nSo why do I keep going back?  It's never my choice.  I only go at the request of other and don't recommend them to anyone.  Have I contacted them about poor device issues?  Yes - management has reached out to me in the past but with each visit, it is clear to me that guest feedback does not effect how they run their business.  \n\nThe good news, it's America and they can run it however they choose and as long as they are in the black, they aren't going to do anything to change.  Can't argue with that logic I suppose.   I would suggest their Jimaca summer salad though - the dressing is the thing that made it great but I am going to be on the hunt for Jimaca for my salads at home.\n\nI'll just keep going to Fuzzy's for my mexican food and entertain my friends at Cafe Boa.
Sucks...to put it lightly!  Shame on the Tropicana concierage for arranging this crappy service! This business should be named Bell Trans Shuttle Disservice.  Late, late, late. Always late (read the other reviews). A complete waste of time and money. Never refunded me for a shuttle that never showed.  If you're on the southern part of the Strip, save yourself the time, frustration, hassle, and discomfort, and just take a cab for a few bucks more.  You'll probably end up not wanting to miss your flight and cabbing it anyway.
Great new shop, super fresh food.  \nOpen kitchen and super friendly staff.  Food is quite delicious and fast, and the prices are reasonable.\n\nThe food was good enough I had to add this business to Yelp so I could leave a review.
I am thrilled to have found a New York quality nail salon in Gilbert, Arizona. Everything was exceptional.  The staff do wonderful work and are so friendly.  The owner runs a tight ship and insists on perfection.\n\nThe establishment is immaculate.  The pedicure station is lined and uses disposable jets.  They put hygiene above all else.  I would use the words meticulous and fastidious to describe the workers and the work.  \n\nBeautiful.  I highly recommend it!
Couldn't be more pleased. Outstanding customer service. We have had the pleasure to have had trips with Eric and Jason and both of them could not have been more professional or patient. They were so considerate and went above and beyond to get us to our destination. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
I live down the street and finally came to check this place out. I'm here with my aunt and she's cutting off 10"'s of hair. So far from the walk in everyone is very nice.\n\n*They have great prices and do full dye with waxing. \n\n*They do kids cuts and male cuts.\n\nNote \/my stylist was super nice and lended me her charger when I said my phone was dead, such a sweetheart\/\n\nOverall great place, but on a important note: they do not do weave sew ins, but they do, do relaxers but only one stylist here knew how to do relaxers when asked. \n\nOverall great atmosphere, I recommend completely.
My aunt gets food from Pedro's almost every week and when I can drag myself to that side of town I always eat here.  We were here last week for dinner and had a delightful cheese crisp (truly the best invention EVER!) as an appetizer.  I usually order their combo with chicken tacos but decided to order a chicken burro this time.  Their burro plate comes with a burro (no sauce) and rice and beans.  The burro was decent (beware, their chicken is cooked in a sauce so if you are not a fan of sauces it may catch you off guard.  I like it though!)  I like the beans but their rice lacks something...  The rest of their food is really good.  My mom always gets the shredded beef burro enchilada style with green sauce and it's delicious.  Lots of shredded beef!\n\nBottom line: This place has been here forever and is always packed.  That should speak volumes as there are a milion restaurants in this city.  If you're in Glendale, go to Pedro's!
I have had many massages throughout my adult life in different states, countries including cruise ships.  I do not write this to sound like I'm some expert on massages, but to let you know this is by far one of the best massages I've experienced. Miriam's techniques and the feeling of complete euphoria far exceed the trendy massage parlors or hotel spas. She is a true artist and I am truly grateful to have found Miriam. I've lived in Las Vegas for six years and I get a massage approximately once a month. Miriam is now my go to masseuse.
CLE is pretty much rebuilding the entire airprot right now, so it can be a little bit of a cluster fudge. That being said, it really seems like CLE is finding its niche. Such an easy airport to fly in or out of. Food options are improving and there have been some awesome updates in the security areas.
Finally, I made it back here after a first failed attempt over 8 years ago.  I love, love their happy hour deals, although I had the Lavender Lemon Drop, which was delicious.  The sliders, tacos and brie platter are awesome at just $3 a pop.  I think the margaritas are also $3.  I can't wait to come back and bring my in-laws, I know they will love the setting and ambiance.  Such a beautiful place.
Awesome Thai Food, made fresh to order!\nHawaiian food is excellent, and the Mac Salad is legit...\n\nThai - Hawaiian Fusion Food place.\n\nMom and Pop run store, real Local Hawaiians... Touch of Aloha and genuine care goes into the Food.\n\nThey offer Thai Hot on the scale rating if you dare...\n\nCant Say enough of how good this place is!
This is truly a classy restaurant sans the feeling of snooty claustrophobia. The wait staff is attentive, the wine list is impressive,and the food devine... we had the bison and tuna and both meals were artistically presented and seasoned to perfection. \n\nI \/ we will be back!
You can throw a rock and hit a supplement store in this town, but most of them don't have the great pricing and selection as VDN! I'm that person, whipping out my cell phone and price checking everything, and it's actually pretty rare to find anything cheaper even on Amazon.\n\nSelection is pretty thorough- from liquid aminos and PB2 powder in the food area, ample pre-workout and BCAAs and natural vitamins and a whole back wall of refrigerators I haven't even looked at yet. Staff are cool about checking in on you or letting you know where to find something.\n\nBonus points for having a clearance section (front right corner by the meal prep bags) and offering a sample station to try featured products and flavors to help in the decision-making process. Other reviews indicate that they give out free samples at checkout, but so far I haven't seen any- maybe they discontinued this practice?
You know the expression about sailors having a woman in every port. Well, on my recent trip to the USA, I had Yelpers in every town to host, entertain and amuse!\n\nVegas Elite Dennis T was my lunch companion when I was in town. Not only was he gracious enough to clear some time in his busy schedule to have lunch with me but I was honoured that he made our meal together his 100th review\n\nDennis gave me a list of tempting options for lunch. I had to watch how much I was going to have for lunch as I had a dinner reservation at Raku that evening for the kaiseki menu but the lobster sliders at Delmonico caught my eye, so that was my choice.\n\nI had a nice time wandering through the Venetian on my way to Delmonico. The size and scale of U.S. buildings in general amaze me but the Venetian is certainly very ornate and I enjoyed looking at the menus while walking down restaurant row on the way to Delmonico\n\nI instantly recognised Dennis from his Yelp picture and like all the Yelpers I've met, conversation flowed like we were old friends. So much so that unusually for Yelpers, we were chatting so much that ordering took awhile as we hadn't look at the menu the first few times that our waiter approached to take our order\n\nThe restaurant is certainly decked out to appeal to the higher end of customer. It was a quiet lunch service when we dined and while it provided a good ambiance for chatting, I perhaps didn't see Delmonico as the busy celebrity chef steakhouse that it is.\n\nI had already decided on my main course of lobster sliders and using my personal rule of taking the opportunity of eating foods that I don't come across often, I paired that with an appetiser of traditional New Orleans gumbo. I'm not in any position to comment on the authenticity of the gumbo but as Emeril Lagasse started his celebrated celebrity chef trail with his first restaurant Emeril's in New Orleans, I'm guessing he can cook a good gumbo. Mine was certainly pungent with a great depth of flavour from a carefully stock. Being Asian, I was also impressed to see that the rice had been cooked well\n\nDennis was pleased with his appetiser of lobster bisque followed by Caesar salad\n\nIt may seem odd to eschew steak at a steakhouse. However, I've always liked the sound of lobster roll but still haven't tried one yet. I saw these lobster sliders as the nearest I could get until I make my trip to the northeast to try a real lobster roll. Well, the sliders were excellent - soft rolls containing morsels of sweet lobster meat mixed with the right amount of mayonnaise and seafood dressing.\n\nDennis however wasn't quite as lucky with his fillet steak, which arrived looking rather lonely on the plate. Dennis decided to order some bearnaise to correct this loneliness but it took a long time to appear and when it did, it seemed a bit watery.\n\nIn an effort to not be too piggy, Dennis and I split the banana cream pie. Well, the combination of banana, pie, whipped cream, caramel and chocolate shavings pleased my palate probably more than my arteries! I don't have a really sweet tooth but I really enjoyed this\n\nDennis was kind enough to give a lift back to my hotel down the Strip, which gave me a good touristy view of the sights\n\nA friendship sealed. A celebrity chef ticked off. Lobster sliders consumed. A most successful lunch rendezvous indeed!
Great food and service. The coffee was excellent and offered frequently. The meals came quickly and were made to order. Very yummy! Will definitely be back!
Gotta love a place open late in Phoenix. 2.50 petite martinis after midnite; yes please!
I've ate here a few times and I've thought the pizza was pretty good. I had ordered those times just pepperoni and simple stuff like that. Tonight however was different. Laura looked on the menu and ordered a specialty half Uno Deluxe and half Chicken BBQ. I was starving and when I saw that pizza box open up I was not let down when I bit into that deluxe. At that moment I quite literally felt it was best piece of pizza I have had in years. The sausage was so good. I then continued eating and ate a piece of the chicken bar BBQ. I knew at that moment I would be writing a review later. High quality and great customer service. Thank you Caleb and team!
Horrible employees. When you call in to place a balloon order they tell you you need to come in. When you come in they give you a disgusted look and tell you there's an hour wait?  Really??? Your employees have no type of customer service skills nor do they have the will or tact to serve its customer. You need to retrain or hire new employees who are eager to serve its customer, the reason why they have a paycheck. This would be the Rainbow & 215 store.
It had been awhile since I had been to Woodlot, or heard much about it, but I'm happy to report it was still incredibly tasty food and a great experience\/ too notch service. Most affordable dining option? No, but great food and a lovely special night out. \n\nThis review is slightly delayed, so they were still on the tail end of their winter menu. \n\nMy advice at Woodlot is try to order a few smaller plates so you can try a few different things. They also have a full veggie menu and a full meat menu, so regardless who you are dining with, they'll have some choice. \n\nMy dinner companion and I started with grilled hen-o-the-woods mushrooms and roasted winter squash dish which had pomegranate seeds, cheese and who knows what else deliciousness. Both dishes were flavourful and rich. My companion doesn't actually like squash or mushrooms that much, but enjoyed both. \n\nFor my main I had a half order of smoked crab agnolotti. Good to note - you can do half orders of any pastas. The smoked crab made it kind of light and delicate, and it was really good. My dining companion had pork chops, which also got top marks. \n\nWeirdly the only food item that fell a little short was the bread. While their wood oven cooked sourdough is still good, it was a bit of a let down to have it cold. But, that was an extra, and just bread, so still a 5 star meal. \n\nGood wine selection, with some reasonably priced glasses. Decent beer selection, but not on tap. \n\nService was attentive and knowledgeable without being annoying. We made a reservation and we're in the upstairs area - it was cozy. \n\nWill go back and have some French onion soup - I've had it on a precious trip to Woodlot and it's delish.
Every Time I come with an appointment they never touch my car until 30-50 minutes later. I had my car checked and they said I needed my engine mounted and my serpentine belt replaced. Took it somewhere else. Turns out my serpentine belt didn't need to be replaced.  \nWhen the other location had it repaired it ran smoother than ever before!!! \nRates here seem higher than other places. They quoted me almost $1000. Meanwhile the other location was so happy to do it at $500.\nI feel as if this place is dishonest, so I will probably not be coming here again. I had all 4 tires replaced here. Makes me wonder if I even needed it... \nTheir WIFI never works and you get poor cell service in this building... GOOD LUCK WAITING!
They were the contractor that our home warranty company hooked us up with and I thought they did very good job. I was told they would show up between 3 and 6 but Bob was delayed and didn't make it until 7:30.  He did call to let me know he was running late. He called at 6:30 but at least he called.  Ended up being a minor issue fortunately. I would definitely use them again.
The best independent rental shop in all of Toronto, this store located in Church & Wellesley ("Village"), has a great selection of titles when compared to the Rogers Plus store located down the street on Wellesley Street East.  With an adult section, a great selection of documentaries and independent films, and many used rentals on sale, you can't beat this place when looking for the right film to watch on any given night.
Unreal how amazing a job they did for my car! Made a 5 year old car that had been roughed up by dogs and gardening equipment over the years look BRAND NEW! \n\nAmazing! I will definitely be going back there religiously!
Really bad for a pub and grill...Gordon should be careful of where his name goes... he needs to visit this place and kick someones rear.....appetizers were good (salmon and scotch egg) . The main course was well...the Christmas holiday prime rib meal....only prime was cost for a bad cut of meat (fatty and bad) the Yorkshire pudding tasted like...well nothing, just like dough...the only good thing was the cold beer....wish I would have spent my $100.00 elsewhere on a good meal... just have an appetizer and a beer.....
A Polish platter and a yuengling beer equals happiness. It really is a family bar.. there's a sign on the door cautioning you not to swear and a large picture of Pope John Paul II over the bar as well as year round Christmas lights illuminating his Holiness. I have seen many a father and young son eating Polish platters while Dad sips a longneck and sonny boy has an IBC root beer to try to be like dad.  As close to Christmas Eve as possible this place even has a Polish Christmas Carol night. \n\nSteer clear of the duck blood soup though. I didn't try it but my Dad said it was nothing like what his grandmother made. He dared me to try it but the iron smell of blood soup or blood pudding.. I just can't do it.\n\nAlso while the BBT does make a fine pierogi,  I don't think it's the best pierogi in Pittsburgh. St. John's in the South Side or Visitation in Mt. Pleasant are just as good or better.
horrible, incompetent, disorganized, A BIG WASTE OF TIME! not to mention sooooo unprofessional to say the least, the "Doc" even called me and said she was holding my husbands prescription unless we came back in for a follow up on the same contacts he has worn for years?!! Then she hung up on me!  i am amazed they are still in business! \nsave yourself the time frustration and trouble!! go to 20\/20 image down the street! way better experience! wish we had gone there first!
The meal itself was fine.  If you are in the mood for decent seafood but a really expensive bill, go here.
I was very impressed with David and the service he provided.  He was prompt and professional.  Not only did he clean 2 vehicles for me, but his special steam system was able to remove 10 years of smoke smell from one of the cars.  I will be using him again and absolutely recommend him.
First time here since moving out here despite numerous recommendations from friends and fellow yelpers. Great asset to the LV area when at 330am and craving everything bagel with vegetable cream cheese with lox. Very good bagels , some of the best I have had out here so far., good deli, clean and comfy atmosphere. Reminiscent of the classic delis back on LI.
I going to give this airport 4 stars not because I love it, but because of how much I appreciate the work that goes into the efficiency of this place.  It is a very very busy airport and it is full of the "Clueless" flier ilk, which can slow down the process of getting through the airport.  Fortunately I am armed with a priority screening pass.\n\nAnyway, everytime I see the line at security my heart sinks.  Yet they seem to never take more than 15-20 minutes.  Contrasted with the efficiency of, say, John Wayne in Orange County where you can expect 45 minutes on a normal day, I would say this is pretty painless.\n\nOn the other end, I did a head count of the heads in the cab line on a recent trip.  I stopped at 1000.  Yes ONE THOUSAND.  Got my cab in 30 minutes.  It's a long time to wait, I know, but 1,000 people served in 30 minutes.  Let's see McDonald's match that.\n\nThe Southwest terminal, where I hang, is crowded and has few amenities (one restaurant) unless you count the prezels and fast food places as amenities.  Sbarro, echh.  If you have money left over, spend it here on oxygen, penny slots, tacky jewelry and other trinkets and trash.\n\n There is also a bit of confusion on the gates, where to line up and such particularly around the gates at the end of the terminal\n\nStill I admire the people who work there who have to deal with Las Vegas tourists (perhaps the worst in the US), and give them 4 stars for effort!  Especially the Southwest Airlines crew.
Nathan and team have been caring for our home for several months. His team is reliable and takes great care of the property with little input from us.  Palm trimming, watering system maintenance and all the rest. Highly recommended. Thanks!
Love love love!!! The food is amazing. We are kind of regulars at this place. With family previously working there we got to try all sorts of different food. Although the menu isnt huge, they still have a pretty good selection. We went here to celebrate my grandmas and my birthday. The server, a family friend. Was fantastic!!! She checked to see how everything was going througout our meal. It was not overwhelming nor not enough. We even had two complimentary appetizers. This location is more on the quiet side. Unlike in kona Hawaii it is very loud and notthe easiest to carry on a conversation.  Butterfish is great! The pear salad just the right mix. And our desserts, put together beautifully.
Desert Canyon is still a fav of the guys I golf with and we always make a time to play there when we are in town.\nThe course is in good condition as always and the staff is great to deal with.\n\nThe only down side is the pace of play which as some tees can be very frustrating and consuming. When they get the "while were young" idea into the course they will be one of the best all round courses for the price.
I ordered food for 40 people this past weekend and when I got there to pick it up I was shocked to see how small little there was. This was not going to feed 40! The manager told me that their serving sizes are based on what they presume a person eats, which is (1) serving size... What?!  You mean most people don't serve themselves twice?? I know I do. I ordered Chile Verde and it did not look like Chile "Verde" it was a brown ugly color and not green???  All the food was Waaaaaay too salty and I was very embarrassed by it!!  I will Never order from Somburros Ever again!!!
I paid $2.50 for 5 pieces of hush puppies that was too hard. \n\nThe sweet tea was delish, perfect for a hot summer day.
Food is excellent. All fresh ingredients and worth the money. Service is just a good and consistently impressive. Highly recommend the garlic knots. Place never disappoints.
Really bad location. \nThey always get my order wrong, or try to hand me someone else's stuff at the window, or attempt to give me someone else's total at the window before that. \nIve gotten a stale wrap or a hard bun on many occasions. \nThe last time I went the older Asian woman told be that she can't punch a bacon mcdouble dressed like a mac into her computer, so she can only give me a mcdouble dressed like a mac but with bacon. \nI told her that ive had it here before many times, and suggested she ask another employee to help her figure out the computer.\nShe got rude and said that they must have given me a mcdouble dressed like a mac with bacon added. \nWhatever. Fine- gimme that. \nIt came out to more than it was supposed to because "dressed like a mac" is cheaper than "add bacon". \nI was hungry. Didnt care too much about an extra buck or so, but the burger came out on a stale bun. \nCrap service is the norm. \nThis just really pissed me off. \nShe coulda asked for help. I shouldnt have over paid for a stale sandwich - i only get the value menu stuff at this location because the buns come out stale so often.\nBetter go to a different location in the area from now on.
Very good ramen. I ordered the spicy veggie ramen which was perfectly cooked and the spice level was on point. Wait time is under 10 mins and you can tell locals love this place. We would definitely eat here again!!
I hope these guys do well. I'd love to have a Japanese restaurant closer to work but, the competition around S. Tryon @ Shopton Rd is too stiff. Some changes to the menu will be required. \n\nAt the moment the menu only has hibachi grill style items and a total of three sushi items. The current promotion is buy-one-get-one free meaning we spent $6 a piece. Not bad when discounted but, not good at the regular price. I'd rather go down the street to Fortune Cookie II.\n\nIt's a great idea with some potential but, with the current menu and prices, I'm sad to say Pika Japanese won't be around too long.
I wanted to love Mirch Masala.  I really did.  I tend to hate buffets as I love my food prepared to order.  In this case, the food actually had pretty good taste and flavor.  The problem?  Most of it was cold.  Not luke warm, but actually cold.  There were four of us and we all had the same complaint.\n\n This was the real downer of MM.  We were also well into their lunch service at about 12:30, so it wasn't like we marched in as they opened.  The service was pretty mediocre too.  If I go back, I'll order off the menu and skip the buffet.
I've lived here for about 5 months and it's been great. Maintenance is quick to respond\/fix issues within a day (two at most) and the office staff are so sweet. Thanks guys!
Ive gone to the palace station oyster bar and this place is not as good but still pretty tasty. The portions were a lot smaller than I expected. I don't eat a whole lot so I wish I was able to take my chowder to go, but they don't have to go containers. Service is good. I'd go there again. But if I was closer to the palace I would go there instead!
I came home to find the air conditioner blowing hot air and the fan blades not moving on the outside air conditioner.  I went to call Anderson air but it was after 9 pm and their offices were closed.  I went online and found the number for Morris Jenkins.  I completed the online info and then made a call to the office to schedule a visit after I received an email.  The customer rep was helpful and I had an appointment for between 9am and noon the next day.  All of this was completed within a half hour.  The serviceman Jarrett F.  was fantastic.  He arrived at 9:45am and my air was running before 11 am.  I'm not looking for air conditioning problems anytime soon but Morris Jenkins will be the first place I call.
My family and I spent two nights here(Wed. & Thurs. nights) after spending three days at the Main St. Station in downtown Las Vegas.\nThe room was clean, spacious, and comfortable.  We stayed in a one bedroom suite which has a king size bed and a fold-out couch which is about a queen size.\nThe Pros:\nThe view was awesome.  We were on the 37th floor with floor to ceiling windows.\nThe bed was comfortable.  I was able to fall asleep easily.  It was also helpful that there was no loud noises to wake you and no smell of cigarette smoke lingering in the air.\nGood amenities.  If we had stayed here longer, we probably would have made more use of the kitchen facilities.  We did use the microwave to reheat some of the food we had bought downstairs.\nGood location.  It's located next to the Planet Hollywood Hotel and the Miracle Mile shops...so there are a lot of shopping and dining options located right downstairs.\nOverall, loved staying here and will do so again in the future.\nThe Cons:\nHad to call to have some more toilet paper brought up.  But once we did, it was brought up quickly.\nNot really a con, but we did have to call to have extra bedding brought up for the fold-out bed, but once again, it was handled quickly.
The service was average, the food was better than expected, but came out of the kitchen in a staggered manner.
What A fun night! We had so much fun. Firstly we made our way to the bumper cars next we tried Time Freak then we went bowling.\nWe sampled some cupcakes cookies waffles on a stick corn dogs, and what carnival is complete without cotton candy!\nThe beers we sampled from Mill Street and Amsterdam were delicious thank you so much to all of the vendors. \nThank you so much for organising this fun Yelp carnival event. I hope I'm lucky enough to be invited back again next year.
had a clutch,pressure plate, and throw out bearing replaced in my jeep, great job, fast, cost exactly as quoted, very friendly, knowledgeable, easy to work with
almost afraid to post this review...... keeps getting busier every time I go!  my wife said i was crazy for going here as it looks like a place you should not touch with a 10' pole but the burritos are the best!  She now gets cravings every weekend for her Green Chili Pork con Papas\n!
I'm really surprised by the other reviews! This is only place I trust to get my car done right. Everywhere else I've gone just doesn't do as good of a job, so I'm not sure what everyone else is talking about...
The Pharmacist was knowledgeable and friendly. They filled a prescription for my dog and it only took fifteen minutes. Unique products in the store to look out made the time fly. Just an FYI they do human prescriptions as well.
4.5 stars! I came here with my family because we needed something to do. The gardens was free which was nice. However there we no signs to direct where the parking is which was so confusing. The gardens are beautiful with a waterfall, so many plants and flowers. It is a nice place for a nature walk and pictures. It is a nice place for wedding pictures or sweet 16 pictures. The park is pretty big and they are doing construction on it so be aware. I recommend for some nature while you are in Toronto!
My boyfriend and I stopped in for a drink before our reservations downstairs and we both fell in love the with it. A sexy, industrial vibe mixed in with a splash of Rat Pack old school class. \n\nThe service was very fun and interactive. We watched bartenders put on a show making creative wacky drinks including one that had smoked burbon in a glass skull. \n\nThe food was great! We shared a bunch of small plates including the chicken pot pie nuggets (my favorite), the bacon-n-egg, the tater tots and the crispy fried game hen.\n\nHere is where the evening went from great to spectacular. After we finished our array of amazing food we still wanted something small to eat, so we started talking to the bartender. He said there was a special of that Rick Moonen was making for the evening of oysters with cucumber spheres created with molecular gastronomy. Now, I am always up for trying new things and am intrigued with the blending of science and food so we ordered them. Then about ten minutes later they were hand delivered by Rick Moonen himself! What a treat, we talked to him about his Top Chef Masters appearance and told him we were fans. Then he and the bartender created a custom gin drink to go along with the oysters. I have never liked gin or oysters but they were both unforgettable. The oysters were buttery and smooth with no fishy taste at all. The drink was spicy and floral and complimented the oysters just perfectly. Just goes to show that a great chef can elevate any food to be out of this world. \n\nThank you Rx Boiler Room and Rick Moonen for creating a one-of-a-kind experience that we will never forget!!
Best prices in town. Great staff.
First time there this morning, service was a little slow apparently a waitress called in sick. Food came out quick, ham steak and eggs for me and French toast for my wife.\nEverything was super delicious the 12 grain toast I got with my breakfast was some of the best toast I've ever had. I only had one complaint, jelly selection poor and brand was cheap. You need to step it up in that department. Other than that sounds like this is a new found breakfast restaurant for us. We'll be back soon.
This brand new hotel is beautiful, clean, but very small, quiet and caters to asians to an extreme So much so that They play ONLY CHINESE MUSIC all day. Everything is in English and Chinese, \nIt's in a really Bad unsafe part of town\nThe windows are tinted pink which is weird.\nThe pool is Tiny - only a little bigger than the pool in my backyard and \nthere NO jacuzzi!\nAll the drinks are Chinese \nThere's mostly Asian people there and casino next door is Chinese as well (no American games like Craps) \nThe people at the restaurant looked at us funny like we didn't belong and the food wasn't that good to us either. \nIt's extreme so beware. If you're not looking for authentic Asian place and you want the true American Las Vegas experience - DON'T STAY HERE!\n\nWe missed the Excalibur so we checked out and went back there!! So much happier for the same price!
Worst bar in Cleveland.  This is the type of place that makes me not want to go downtown again.  The service was horrible.  The staff was rude.
Most of the time the resort restaurant is expensive and okay tasting.  While the prices for here at resort level, you can get away with some credit towards breakfast as a Globalist Hyatt member.  The breakfast has a good selection of some savory and sweet items.  The plus here is everything is a la carte and freshly made, even some condiments like their jam. \n\nWe came late for breakfast one day and it became the timing for the weekend brunch.  We are glad we missed out on breakfast because the brunch was phenomenal.  For $60 per person, you can get 1 starter, 1 main dish, 1 mimosa, savory buffet, and dessert buffet.  Let me tell you, the savory buffet has some great items like crab and shrimp.  If you are a seafood fan, you will get more than your money's worth.
C'est le jazz bar recommandé dans les guides, donc une valeur sûre.\nVérifiez bien la programmation avant d'y aller, différents styles de jazz et funk sont joués ici.\nL'ambiance se réchauffe passé 22h et l'entrée est à 5$£.
This review is solely due to Kate. Cuz she doesn't give me a half ass nail job in a hurry and was picky about her work for all the right reason.  Are they pricey? A bit more than most salons but you really get what you pay for. \n\nCame tovisit family during Spring Break and badly needed a mani-pedi for me and the teenage daughter. They sold me on the deluxe pedi. I thought "hell, I'm on vacation, let's do it!".OMG best decision the nail technician talked me into. The scrub, the wrap, the massage all heavenly!!! Their color includes the normal stuff, gel and HALO which was the best thing for my teenage daughter. This place will guarantee their work for up to a week...Which is unheard of in this industry. My nail technician took her time and  didn't pry into my business with her small talk. If I can pick this shop and bring every aspect of it to San Francisco with me, I totally would.
This review is so long overdue! I have 15 check-in's here and I'm sure there are much more as I sometimes for to check-in. Anywho, this is one of hubs and I go to places. We have had date night, group dinner's, birthday celebrations and new job celebrations here with few and many guests. Dressler's is ON point. My most favorite thing is their CRAB DIP, OMG. I promise, you won't find one better. All lump crab and cheese, no fillers....none. \n\nHere's a rundown of everything I've had. On the dinner menu, appetizers..first let me say this... I ALWAYS get the crab dip, hold the bread and a spoon is perfect lol (seriously). I usually will taste other appetizers from ppl I'm dining with. Appetizers I've tried which have all been good, New Orleans style shrimp, lump crab cake and crab dip. For entrees I've had the following, blackened heart of ribeye (good), filet mignon (medium, good), just for the halibut (good but not a fan of the potato cake as it gets mushy under the fish), lump crab cakes (good but it has fillers and are on the smaller side), rack of lamb (is bomb! very good) shrimp and grits (very good), braised short rib (very good) and the shrimp and lobster linguini (which is no longer on the menu but was very good). Also, you can't go wrong with the mac n cheese and the desserts.\n\nI have to give it to Dressler's bc they have always taken good care of my crew and I & the food is very good.
Not for the museum or the exhibit!\n\nI was in town for a conference and one of the reception\/cocktail hour was at the top floor of the Mint Museum, and I gotta say, it's a beautiful spot for this sort of event.\n\nAt the top floor, you get a beautiful view of the city (Westin, Duke Energy, Nascar building).  It's not that high up but it still offers a bird's eye view.  The patio area is spacious and the ballroom is big enough to hold quite a bit of us there.  Of course, food was catered, as well as the bar since I doubt the museum has a full kitchen.\n\nI'm just sad that I didn't get to check out the museum for myself.  I'm not an expert on art, especially modern art, but it's always neat and enlightening to see things from other's point of view and dive into the psyche of their creations!\n\nOverall, this space is gorgeous and spacious.  Lots of people clamored how great it is and definitely left a big impression on all the outside-towners!
While the Gerber Collision & Glass Company is amazing, John, Bernie, Ruth and the rest of the team at the Hampton location in Mesa are absolutely unparalleled in their customer service, attention to detail, communication throughout the process and quality of work. If I could give six stars, I absolutely would. Highest reccomendation for any car\/glass repairs.
I went here for a work event one time. Was a pretty good experience. The waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable (her name was Acacia in case someone reads this give her credit). This place has a great beer selection and carry one of my favorites (Left Hand Brewery Milk Stout). The appetizers and desserts were very good. I had the creme brulee, at the waitresses recommendation and it complimented my beer perfectly. Definitely worth checking out. Was very well made. Also another good beer to try here is the Young's Double Chocolate Stout, was pretty solid. Only downside i could see for some people is the pricing for drinks could add up quick, however i don't so much mind paying a higher price for a good brew and nice environment.
In terms of Cleveland area yacht clubs, Edgewater is one of the best.\n\nLocated right next to Edgewater Metropark, the location is top-notch. Not only can you adventure around that beautifully kept park, but also the direct proximity to EYC makes for a lovely adventure.\n\nThe EYC has a well-maintained pool, a restaurant that serves legitimate cuisine and skilled bartenders who are interested in making sure you're having a good time. There is also dedicated parking for members and guests. This is one of my few true happy nautical places in CLE. I love when Cleveland Race Week rolls through the EYC.\n\nBut really, the good stuff: they do Junior Sail Teams and Race Camps, which I totally love. The Cleveland Sailing Association also has regattas there, which are a treat to either by a part of or simply enjoy from the patios. In general, there's always races or programming happening to get involved. It might be some of the best programming in the area. Docking your boat at the EYC is easy despite their limited space, and the views of Downtown Cleveland are unparalleled. Also, if you're not a boater\/sailor, they also do social memberships.
Place is closed after the massacre of 2015. Too bad the place was alright.if they ever open up I'll go check it out.
One of the best Italian restaurants, if not the best, in Madison. \n\nTraditional food, traditional ways of serving it, traditional portions but CHEAPER than traditional prices. If you want REAL Italian food, come here. If you want fake, American Italian food, go to Tutto Pasta. \n\nThis place is so amazing, and use of local ingredients makes a world of a difference. Seriously, go here. You won't regret it. \n\nProbably should get the Wild Boar dish.
Food was amazing. Have great appetizers- had the salmon pizza, meatballs, and for my main course had the rib eye. Steak was cooked to perfection. I was with a group of 6, after dinner we had the opportunity to throw on some fur coats (they supply) and head into the sub zero vodka vault for some shots. Really cool experience!
I am not sure what all the fuss is about regarding the food or service at San Gabriel. We have been several times and I have to say it is always enjoyable. The food is always fresh and we can't get enough of the margaritas! Not to mention they are only $4 at happy hour! \n\nMy lady and I usually start with the customized guacamole. I tend like it more on the spicy side and she prefers a more mild approach. However, this is never a problem because it is made to order with your choice of fresh ingredients.\n\nFor dinner its always a toss up between grilled fish tacos or the traditional molcajetes. I am pretty sure they are the only restaurant in the valley that serves this central Mexican dish. First they heat up a lava bowl on a open flame for around 10 minutes. After the optimal heat is reached they add asadero cheese and a three chili salsa. You can get your choice of steak, chicken, shrimp or whatever the special may be for the day. Last visit it was lamb (and it was amazing). The final product is almost like a Mexican fondue. So gooooood! My wife usually goes for the mole enchiladas or chipolte shrimp. Chef Josh Cordova always lends a helping hand to our decision making process, gracefully guiding us through every step. \n\nI have to say if you get a chance yelpers, stop by and give them a try. I know you won't be disappointed. The quality and execution of everything on the menu  will leave you feeling completely satisfied and counting the days until your next visit. Ask fior either Josh or Joshua and tell them Jason sent you. They will make sure you are taken care of.
My wife and I got lunch here today around 12:30.  The line was very long, but it moved quickly and efficiently.  My only complaint is that they didn't have steak ready for my wife's salad, but she only had to wait a few minutes.
Soul Cafe doesn't offer children's menu options, vegan options are minimal and carry out menu is limited. \n\nMany of the reviews are not published. Beware. Only the higher rated reviews are posted. My husband posted a 1 star and it never was posted. We too have been disappointed recently with their menu options , menu portions and pricing of menu items. \n\nToo many restaurant choices in Scottsdale . Soul Cafe Not good for families with young children.
So far, this is the only hospital that I have experienced nothing but friendly medical staff each time I have to seek urgent medical care. I came in due to abdominal pain and they were very attentive. They saw me as soon as I registered at check-in. \n\nNow, I don't know how new this technology is so please forgive me but I was amazed by the scanning machine that scans your identification card or driver's license to check you in without having to fill out any paperwork or saving you the hassle of typing a bunch of stuff on a screen. They did all needed exams in less than an hour and I was probably in the ER for a total of 2.5 hours tops, which is actually really quick! \n\nI don't think you will find better care elsewhere at any other hospitals here in Vegas. I highly recommend this place to anyone seeking emergency medical attention.
As soon as I walked into this place, I fell in love with the ambiance. It's obvious a lot of love went into this place. Everything is clean and nicely arranged, not just shoved on shelves to be forgotten. The only problem with this place, is that because of the size, there's just not a lot of clothing, which is what I usually come for. What they did have, at least in the plus sizes, seemed to be all winter items. They did have some super cute dresses and such in smaller sizes. \nPrices were reasonable.\nThe art gallery upstairs is super cute. Saw a lot of way overpriced junk, and a lot of cute, reasonably priced stuff. It's nice to take a look at.
Who knew there could be good sushi in the desert?  Hachi does it right.  The service is great, and both the waiter and the chefs were extraordinary in accomodating my gluten free needs. Kobe beef sashimi is worth it. Peyote roll is delish. Even the cucumber salad is fancy. This is one thing I don't want to stay in vegas.  Sure, it's pricy for sushi when I consider the normal prices for things on the east coast where fish is easy to come by, but this is one place I would definitely come back to during my next Vegas visit. Unexpectedly great, which is the main reason they get 5 stars.
I stayed here for a couple days midweek when my regular hotel was sold out.  The price was right and i like to stay downtown.  Check in and out was simple and straight forward.  I was on the 19th floor, so sometimes i'd have to wait for a while for the elevator, but that's to be expected.  \n\nMy room was big, clean and comfortable.  Well appointed...but it could've used some more outlets.  I didn't gamble here, so i can't comment on that.  Everyone i came in contact with was kind, smiling and cordial.  Valet. Security. Front desk. Maintenance. Housekeeping.  Really, the staff is great.  \n\nIf i needed to stay in the future i wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
My favorite part about eating here is the splendid service I receive.  The servers genuinely enjoy their job and are great for conversation.  Even when there is a packed house, the servers and hostesses are doing their job with a smile.  The food comes out fast and drinks are always full.  As far as the food it is all delicious.  My personal favorite is the southern sprawl with Wally fries.  Wally fries are the best!  I sure do love me some Wally fries.  Wally fries.
I've had a police with Embrace for almost 4 years.   For the first 3 years I would have given them a 5 star.  Everything was great.  I recommended them to many people.  \nBut the past 8 months it's like the entire company changed.  Claims are always messed up.  It takes them 3 weeks to get around to even start to process a claim.   Claims are denied because of their mistakes and it takes multiple phone calls and emails to get them to make corrections.  \nI gave them 2 stars because they were good in the past.  If I was rating them on the past 8 months alone it would be 0 stars.
Prices are always comparable to your typical Exxon or Shell station. If near Matthews it's best to utilize your membership and purchase gas here as it's decent gas at a decent price.\n\nWe tend to plan our Costco shopping trip around our gas need only if we don't go to SC for gas beforehand. \n\nThe customer service at the station is pretty legit, I've had some exceptional people working on days I've visited and I've had some people who barely want to be there and just there for the check with no personality at all but all in all it's good for what it's for = GAS.
Overall the food was fantastic! Would have given a 5 but the kids chicken fingers were pretty dry. The brisket and smoked chicken were excellent. The kids macaroni and cheese was the best thing on the table!
Drove 5 1\/2 hours from Covina and  waited 1 1\/2 to get. Seated.  Ordered a deep dish and said another 1 1\/2 wait.  Ridiculous won't come baxk.
Justin and Jon make a great team.  They were very efficient, didn't oversell, delivered on everything they proposed and have the nicest group of folks working for them.  They cleaned up after themselves and made sure I completely understood how to use the integrated system.  Couldn't be more pleased!  Worth every penny!  I highly recommend them.
The ramen warrior in me is pleased. So delicious! Very small spot with great inexpensive food, so an average wait is normal.\n\nTonkatsu is the bomb and they serve Calpico! The kimchi fried rice is also a winner. I see why it's a fan favorite.\n\nI'll be back again and again, especially on those rare cold, rainy days in LV.
Nice place. Not fine dining of course. Clean environment  & happy employees. Had a good time & can't beat the prices for the portions & quality. I know everyone is a critic & wants $1 well drinks or giant kids meals, but wanted to say this place is just right. Thank you
You know it wan't really like WOW sushi. It was good, better than grocery store sushi.I think I was expecting better so I have to rate at 3 stars because of the lack of motivation on going back for more.
Always  great food. Breakfast is the best. The pancakes are yummy  and their Mexican plates are so good
Ever get that awkward feeling your being looked by the only 10 customers at a restaurant while your waiting to be seated? \nI felt like Forrest Gump jumping on the school bus for the first time.\n \nMy family and i decided to eat out at a place we actually never been to before and this is what we found. \nI forgot what the fries were called but i had them Vegas style. That and their raspberry vinaigrette tossed salad were about the only thing they had going for me.\nMy entree for the night was Drunken Cajun Chicken and was not the best choice ever. It was more spicy than anything, I mean yea it said Cajun but this was over Cajun'ed to the point where there was no flavor. (which i absolutely dislike) \nMy cousins chicken fingers just had cheap barbecue sauce topped over them. \nFor the price, the quality of food here is not great.\nThis was the first time i have ever had my appetizers actually tasted better than my actual main entree.\n\nGood thing our waitress was real professional and friendly or they would have been facing a 1 star. :\/
Very interesting place... it's called ramen bar but they offer other asian soup noodles reallys. I got the japanese udon noodles with clear broth and my husband got the ramen ramen with spicy miso broth.\nTo start off, we always get the chicken karaage. The chicken was definitely very tender and juicy inside, but the outside wasn't crunchy enough for me. It felt a little too oily from the outside as well.\nThe noodle bowls were BIG and will fill you up. But the broth wasn't fantastic and the noodles were just too soft for me. The egg was good though, they have the yolk a little runny stiff.
Normally I would rate Carolinas much higher in stars except for today... I mean the food was good as usual, but the experience made me want scream...they let a patron with a DOG in a food establishment.... No no no... Not where I eat! I love dogs and love mine..but would never consider taking her in a restaurant.
Great, friendly service with Frank K (or Francisco?) We got our deal for a Mustang Convertible through Costco.com $227 for 7 days. The line was long, but I was helped in about 15 - 20 minuets. Have your own car insurance.  It gets pricey for all the add ons, but Frank never pressured me or made me feel obligated about the add ons. Our additional driver was free. They do hold $200 on your account,  but honestly my current online bank statement doesn't have it on there.  I payed using my debit\/Visa card. The reviews I read for this location got me a little worried, but I prayed for favor & everything went absolutely smoothly. We are very happy with our black Mustang convertible & it's our 1st time here in Vegas!!
I am a current member but not happy with the club. Average food, below average sports club.
I was super excited to try this from a place because my favorite sandwich in the world might just be pastrami for a ribeye sandwich it's a toss-up but with pastrami in your name of your business it should be the greatest on Earth or not it was good meat was a little cold it was around 1 end of the lunch rush so may have been sitting around for awhile slavery was good just a little cold don't like the bread tasted a little older still not sure just very friendly staff and for a pastrami sandwich it was on the cheap side The Pickled tasted expired had a spit that out overall it was just ok might go back back to try again at least they don't microwave their stuff like everyone it is in the steamer
This Einstein's has been here for years and it's always reliably good bagels, bagel sandwiches, decent service, and darn good coffee.  I like some of their new menu additions in recent years such as the spinach frittata.
I really dig this place.  I would give it five stars but the food is very good but never hits excellent.  Also my last trip there which was a few days ago, I had the pleasure of starring at some dudes ass crack who was sitting in front of me at the bar.  Not Oregano's fault.  But still there was some middle aged wanna be hipster with 1980's grunge greasy long hair. Anyway on to the food. \nLately I have been ordering the Pablo Picasso Hispanic Orientated salad.  I have been dieting, a little on the "fat" side lately. Sometimes I get two bear claws wedged right in this spot.  After some research I found without the dressing and corn chips it is not to bad on the calorie intake.  Also the flavor really is excellent, the chicken is super well done.  It is fajita style but maybe better. \nAlso note to one bartender stop charging me for soda water with a small amount of lemonade and I will tip much better.  \nOregano's I will see you soon.
Den einzigen Abzug gibt es für die nicht allzu dolle Reinlichkeit, ansonsten ein Hotel zum Wohlfühlen. Das Besondere an der Springhill Edition ist der Studioaufbau der Zimmer, man findet dort alles vor: Die Küche ist voll ausgestattet mit Gerätschaften wie Mikrowelle, Geschirrspüler, Herd Ofen, Mixer, einem riesigen Kühlschrank und natürlich Besteck und Utensilien, die man eben so in einer Küche benötigt. Desweiteren gibt es selbstverständlich das Bügelbrett und Bügeleisen, Fernseher im Schlaf- und Wohnzimmer und die Bäder sind sehr freundlich und zweckmäßig eingerichtet. Wie gesagt, die Reinigung fand nur alle 2-3 Tage statt, Handtücher wurden regelmäßig gewechselt aber den Sand hatten wir ständig an den Füßen kleben (naja, war ja unserer, insofern ist das nicht ganz so eklig :-)).\nIn der Lobby werden Heißgetränke kostenlos zur Verfügung gestellt, es gibt einen hauseigenen Shop mit Mikrowellenfood, Snacks und Getränken. Ausserdem verfügt das Hotel über einen Pool, der trotz der abartig warmen Temperaturen sehr kühl ist. Sofern man ein Auto hat, ist alles im Umkreis von 10 Minuten zu erreichen: Tankstelle, Wal Mart, alle möglichen Fast Food Restaurants. Zum Strip braucht es ungefähr 20 Minuten.\nKostenlose Parkmöglichkeiten direkt vor dem Hotel
I went there recently for the first time. I had the chopped brisket, chicken, pork plate. It's a huge plate, for the side, mac and cheese it was very good, I will definitely be back.
Crappy music. Rude body guards. Drinks barely contain any alcohol. Lame. I would definitely recommend changing up the DJ. It has potential.
I am amazed at how this buffet put the Wynn Buffet to shame. I spent only $19.44 for 2 meals and they Wynn yesterday I spent $85.00. The food here was way better and real! Mashed potatoes real and not powdered. Definitely eating here again!
This place has the best fast food type burgers! The grilled onions are amazing. I always add avocado and love the whole grain buns they offer. They use Romaine lettuce on their delicious dinner salads. Their prices are so reasonable and their staff is friendly and helpful. Both times we visited we got our meals to go and they were excellent.
When you're drunk, everything tastes good, right?!\n\nWRONG!\n\nGranted, I'm probably one of the very few drunk idiots that would actually waltz into a restaurant at damn near 2am and order a plate of Asian-style duck. Really, who does that?! A grave mistake on my part, and a horror that I've been trying to forget.\n\nThe flavor of the duck was only so-so, and the bok choy was even less appealing. The only thing I actually liked about the dish was the plain white rice and the apricot sauce. If you're not a frequent connoisseur of the water fowl, a word to the wise: those little birds have more bones than you can shake a stick at! As I'm sure you can imagine, that spells frustration and near death for a drunk person, who is already far more likely to do something stupid like, oh...I dunno...CHOKE!\n\nSo, while the boyfriend enjoyed every last bit of a heaping serving of spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread, yours truly was stuck dissecting a weird bird that didn't even taste that great. Just because you're drunk in the wee hours of the morning and desperate for food, don't try to be a cool kid like me and order some fancy sounding dish that will leave you unsatisfied. The only thing worse than a hungry drunk is a drunk that's angry, to boot.
Ok so I bought 2 nights in groupon for this place. They have the worst service ever! First of all check in was a nightmare. They told me that check in time was going to be after 4pm, unless someone checked out early, then it would be 11am. I kept calling them once every hour since 8am that morning to check if there would be a room at 11am. That time comes and they say that I can probably get checked in at 12pm. I call again around 11 ish and then they are like  " yeah a room is ready come to the front." okay, then they find out I am a groupon customer, and they put me on hold. They get back to me and tell me that I don't have a room and to wait until after 4. That is some s---! Ok so we check in then we see that we get charged the full price plus the deposit, and they apologize and say that they will put the money back. This ordeal took 45min! We were running late to a show and I was really aggravated at this point. So finally they say that they put the money back, except for the deposit. We look and the room charge is put back, and so we thought. Okay, so 2 days later the charge plus the deposit appear again! Wtf so we call the bank and they say that Alexis resort did not follow through on the credit, being that it was only temporary, someone had to follow through but didn't. Therefore basically they    Didn't do their job! And now we are out hundreds of dollars. We had to call them and make them call the bank to actually get the refund back. The refund that should never have been charged plus the deposit\/hold money as well. It was bs the s--- that they put us through. I will never go there again! Poor, poor customer service!!!! I wish I could give them NO stars
note: this review is for the restaurant in the Palazzo\n\nWe probably never would have come here for dinner, due to the fact that they have locations in both the Venetian(24 Hr) & Palazzo. That alone, might lead you to assume that it's probably a bit on the pricey side. Actually, it's surprisingly affordable & in the $$ price range.\n\nGold, marble & metal finishes, amber colored glass & faint candle-like lighting accent every inch of this palatial cafe. This place is the classier (& better looking) sister restaurant to The Cheesecake Factory.\n\nIf you're indecisive when it comes to ordering, I suggest you leave ordering to someone else, 'cause the menu is an extensive 12 pages-or-so of food, drinks & desserts. There is so much stuff here, that there has definitely got to be something on the menu to "Palazzo yo' azzo!"\n\nFrom the "Things to Share" (or not) menu -\n\nAsian Nachos - A scoop of Spanish rice w\/ black beans & corn, circled by 8 oversized pieces of crispy wonton style "nacho" chips. Topped with chicken, peanuts, sweet spicy peanut & creamy wasabi dressings. Some pieces could have gone easier on peanut sauce, though. But the other pieces - Wow! An Asian fiesta explosion in your mouth!\n\nCrispy Thai Shrimp & Chicken Spring Rolls - Served with a bowl of fresh lettuce, shredded carrot & mint sprigs. Wrap one of the 6 crispy fried spring rolls in a lettuce leaf with carrots & mint, then dip it in the sauce. So refreshingly tasty! A definite, "Get this!"\n\nDouble-Cheese Mini Burgers - There is no kids menu here, so my little one got this. "You call those mini?" Each one of the 4 sliders are enough for 1 little one, so share, if you want to. They each come with lettuce a slice of tomato & pickle.\n\nCrispy Ahi Sushi Roll - These were okay, not so special, but did hit the spot. Each of the 6 spicy tuna rolls are crisp tempura fried, served with Asian greens & a spicy-hot soy-chili dipping sauce.\n\nSunday Night Pasta (served everyday) - Tender beef short rib & steak pieces slow cooked with mushrooms, garlic & Parmesan cheese then served on spaghetti pasta. Try to imagine large juicy pieces of beef tossed in pasta. This is a very generously portioned, hearty & meaty dish. The sauce is less tomato marinara, and more rich meaty-meat sauce. Did I mention, it's meaty?\n\n"Baked to Order Desserts" menu -\nIf you like freshly baked, warm cookies, order the Chocolate Chip Pecan. They will bake these on order, so order them with your entrees. They come boxed to-go, so you can bring up to the room. Other baked-on-order goods - Chocolate Cake, Beignet & Apple Pie to name a few. I love munching on warm cookies in the room... (the chocolate chip kind!)\n\nService was great. Our server Ronnie, was friendly, helpful & very attentive to our table. Even with a little-late cookie order & an extra order to-go, he did an excellent job accommodating our requests. An overwhelming selection & variety of items on the menu in an extravagant not-so cafe-like setting. I think I'll skip the sister restaurant next time, 'cause after coming here, that other place just seems a little "cheesy" now.
One of my favorite places to pick up some healthy food quickly! Their Tempe location basically fueled my senior year of college, but so worth it! Went back to this location with a couple friends recently and had a wonderful time. One of my friends has sever food allergies and they were very receptive to her questions and making sure her food was safe to eat. They're a little expensive (hence the four stars) but I understand you're paying for quality. I will definitely be returning soon.
Amazing service, really nice place. Went in and asked for a haircut and hair coloring and came out with exactly what I wanted. Super friendly 10\/10 would go again
The principals were quick witted but the show was plotless. There is also no advantage whatsoever in the VIP or RIP pricier options.   I would rate this show while occasionally funny overall a poor value
Friendly staff, easy appointments on their website. Much nicer than using the untended saunas at 24 FItness. With the towels, rock salt lamp, and choice of music its a mini vacation in under an hour!\n\nI suggest you forgo the Yelp coupon if its your first time and get the $49 7 sessions over 7 days; even if you only go 4 times its an excellent way to try out  the dry sauna experience.
My family was at Stancato's on opening day in 1971. Sadly, the food went from good to disappointing over the years, and a lot of people in the area quit going. But I had a gift certificate from them via the Welcome Wagon when I moved back to Cleveland last year, and I was amazed at the amazing dinner I had. Wow! I got the roast pork marsala as a takeout order and split it with my mother. It was so tender, and the sauce was bright and tasty. The seasonal salad was a mix of summertime flavors -- so fresh too. The green beans were cooked just right, still firm and green. I'm not doing the meal justice in my description. Each dish was fresh and flavorful. \n\nSuffice it to say that my family started going to Stancatos again after years of skipping it. I encourage others to give it a try again if they haven't lately.
For those folks heading to Scottsdale for the SF Gians Spring Training, this is your hotel.\n\nMy friends and I have been staying at this hotel for the past four years.  The location can't be beat.  You are only one block from the stadium and within walking distance of Old Town Scottsdale.\n\nLocated within walking distance are tons of restaurants and bars, meaning you can eat and drink to your heart's content without having to worry about one of those dastardly DUIs.\n\nThis hotel offers (as far as I know) only suites, but that is certainly not a complaint on my part.  Each room comes with a full shower\/tub, toilet and a separate sink\/vanity area.  There is a sitting room when you first walk in with a desk (the hotel offers free WiFi and a broadband through an ethernet cable).  Also, there is a TV in an armoire with drawers, a closet, a small refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, extra sink, counter space, coffee table and a loveseat\/sofabed.  \n\nThe bedroom has two queen-sized beds, a nightstand, a dresser, another TV, and a small closet area.  There is a set of doors separating the bedroom from the sitting area, but they don't do much for noise.  One of the guys in my room was sucking in the walls with his snoring so my other roommate shut the door.  That did nothing to keep us from waking up as a result of the racket coming from the other room.  From my experiences, the rooms' layouts are alike.\n\nA recommendation of mine, although not always available, is to request a poolside room.  I smoke, but I don't like smoking rooms.  I always request a room with a patio so I can go outside to handle my business.  It's also fun to hang out on the deck in beautiful weather.\n\nThis hotel offers daily complimentary breakfast.  I have never made it down there that early, but I understand they have cereals, breads, etc.  Typical breakfast fare for a place offering free breakfast.  At night, however, they have a free happy hour with two types of beer (Bud LIght and I think Miller Lite), red wine, white wine, chex mix and chips and salsa.  You have free-flowing booze for something like two hours.  NICE!!!  It's great to sit in the hot tub during happy hour with your cocktail and just hang out.\n\nThe Holiday Inn Express also has a workout room, although the room is somewhat on the small side.  It has two treadmills, one elliptical and a weight center (like a bowflex).  The hotel offers complimentary shuttle service between the hotel and the airport, as well as local drop-off until 10pm, if available.  The staff are generally nice also.\n\nDo I sound like I'm selling you this hotel or what?!?!\n\nNow for the down side.  Check in is late.  They pretty much never have availability prior to their posted time of 4pm.  Checkout is at 12pm, though, so that's a big plus.  The other bad thing: prices keep skyrocketing for this joint.  They don't honor loyalty and cut you a break for staying there year after year.  I'll probably continue to stay there if the rates remain below $200.00, but the rates are quickly inching up.\n\nHope this is enough information to answer all questions relating to this hotel.  If not, visit http:\/\/www.ichotelsgroup.com\/ and search for the Scottsdale, AZ location.  Good luck and happy travelling!
Tried this place out after hearing about it on FB and from friends. They're burgers are MEH. They are pretty bland and we found ourselves having to add condiments and whatnot to make it taste yummy. I did like their chili cheese fries a lot so I will back for those. Not the greatest but it's not very pricey so that's a plus.
Literally the best Thai food I have ever had! We talked to the server and had him send out an assortment of different things, most ones that I have never tried, and I am glad I tried them!  We had the Crispy Duck Panang, Garlic Prawns, and Sea Bass with Drunken Noodles just to name a few things.  We also dove into their Riesling list and had a great time!  Had several bottles that paired awesomely with the food, and to end night with a bang had a 30 year old bottle of Riesling to celebrate a birthday!  Amazing night!  Cannot wait to go back!
I have herniated discs in my cervical C5 and C6 and I have gone to tons of other chiropractors and have never had this type of amazing care by Dr Scott and Dr Chrissy.  They care about their patients ! They have Nurse Practioner as well so you can get all of your medical needs taken care of  at one time. There is no need to have a M.D to go to just come here to get a all of your health and wellness needs met!
This pub was recommended as having amazing food. I have to be honest, when I first walked in I was dubious but thank you to the person that suggested it. They were right the food was delicious.\n\nI have never ordered fish in a pub but that night we did. Both the salmon and the blackened tilapia were outstanding and the accompanying vegetables were perfectly cooked. If I had closed my eyes I could have imagined I were dining in a slightly more elegant restaurant.\n\nThe only down side was that the tables were squished close together and that evening there was both a live band and a speaker right next to our table. Both were not playing the same song.\n\nIf you are looking for somewhere lively and entertaining with surprisingly good food then this is the right place!
It's ok. Nothing special. I expected better quality from a Las Vegas hotel buffet. \nThey do have a lot to choose from and a giant variety,
went here again today, expecting to get a hot chocolate with whipped cream for my sis and a few drinks for the other fam members and just like the last time i went in here (about a week ago) the whipped cream machine was down still, i made mention of it infront of an employee and she said the mechanic who fixes it has been there every night but still wont fix it, not my problem. i expect to go in there and actually be able to get it, obviously not the case here. after gettin the chocolate i went for the fountain drinks, and several of them were out too. luckily they had the kinds i needed to get, after getting them i went to put them in a carrier so they would be easy  to carry in the car but as i opened them they split apart way too easy. very disappointing, but its just something about this location.... i have never had any good experience when in this store.
Beats any of similar 'build your own' pizza places AND GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE TOO! Their salads ans and other menu items are tasty. I highly  recommend trying it!
Beautiful property in the center of downtown Cleveland. Rooms are spacious and well appointed. I would recommend asking for a high floor to avoid noisy parties on weekend nights. We stayed in room 684 and there must have been a bachelor party in the room next door because we were woken up at 3:00 am by slamming doors and yelling. I have stayed twice and the first room had a large bathroom with a large vanity for make up etc. the second time the bathroom was big but the vanity was tiny so  I had to constantly go back and forth between the desk and the bathroom. Room service was great the first morning, right on time and food was excellent. The second morning we went down the restaurant and waited 40 minutes for our food, which the hotel comped. The server was very apologetic and took care of us he best she could. Valet staff speedy and friendly. Lobby bar was average in terms of service. Hotel location is perfect for ball games, casino, east bank, warehouse district and restaurants all within walking distance!
I've given Uncle Chon Chinese multiple tries and every time I am left extremely disappointed and disgusted. \nThis time in particular, I went to pick up my order and was told they don't give receipts. They forgot to give me my two orders of fried rice. Their 'wonton soup' is watery liquid, long flavourless noodles and 2 wontons. ONLY TWO. The sugai is basically inedible rubbery chicken. Couldn't even chew it. Beef with Chinese vegetable is rubbery beef pieces and bok choy. Again, no flavour and gross. The lady on the phone\/at the counter is ridiculous. Terrible service, terrible food, waste of money.
I have made my way back to this little taco joint finally and I must say, it has to be one of my favorite places for lunch now. I do appreciate how polite they are to their customers and the food is always fresh. Btw, if you ever have the taste for REALLY good French fries, this is the place!
Incredible meal.  Excellent service.  It was my first time eating Peruvian food and I appreciated the time the server took to describe the menu items.  Wonderful cerviche.
There is an out of his mind, hateful, prejudiced middle-eastern guy that works there that actually called 911 on me & 2 African American guys in line behind me 4 absolutely no reason. I had asked politely 2 speak 2 the manager because was really being harassed by drunk guy in there & he screamed at me, then went off on the guys in line behind me. We at no time raised our voices, were rude back, were totally sober, polite, well dressed. I did tell the guys behind me he's just a jerk because they were stunned at how they were screamed at, young guys who happened 2 walk in while he was being rude 2 me, then he threatened 2 call 911 on us , I said why, because you're prejudiced, so he CALLED THE POLICE, screaming at me I HAVE YOUR FACE. We left. Beyond ridiculous. I believe in being honest about my actions, swear 2 God this is what happened. So an urge 4 pizza might land u in jail if u go here, not worth it, was really disturbing. What kind of place tolerates this kind of behavior from employees? At 1 point the cook walked up hearing the dude's yelling, but saw dude was just losing his mind & walked away. So I guess the middle-eastern guy was in charge. happened on a fri around 12 am.
Serve good beer but don't offer a chilled glass? In Arizona? In the dead of summer? Tacky. Will not return.
this was our first time to metro, actually by default, we had tried to go to Sammys LA pastrami but were ignored by the worker there, So, we decided to check out Metro.  We had the garlic knots...YUMMY, garlic romano fries...my kids woofed those down in 2 seconds and the stuffed pizza Skyline version.  I would've liked to have had more meat in the pizza, but it was good, didn't have any leftovers so I know the kids liked it. We will def go back to try other pizzas for sure..All in all Metro saved our family nite out dinner!!!  Good customer service too.
Kim is the best! Professional, talented, and so nice. What a refreshing change from the rest of the nail salons in the Valley. She takes her time on your hands and feet and does a beautiful job. I've been going to her for about a year or so and will no longer go anywhere else.
It's our first time to this restaurant but we had the Philly cheese steak sandwich and fish and chips both plates for good the hostess was very friendly and the cook did a really good job for a food mart Court not too bad if we come back to this mall we would do this again
Service sub par, bed sheets were not clean, I expected more.
i was dissapointed when we first sat down at our table and found the menu online was not the same as the current menu.  in addition to several of the seafood items being cut there was only one pasta on the menu instead of two which gave my vegetarian friend almost no options.  the caesar salad is not worth ordering and the side of mashed potatoes were so-so, not very flavorful.  i really liked the kobe burger but that was about the only good thing about the place.  our food came out in about 8 minutes and we felt rushed through the whole meal.
i would absolutely recommend them as movers. \n\ni have used them for all 4 of my moves and i have never had anything damaged, broken or lost. \n\nthey are on time, quick and trustworthy. they are also insured in case anything does happen.\n\nI have always had different guys for each move and all of them have been super hard working and HONEST!\n\n3 out of 4 times i had a huge, elephant sized TV to move- even up and down 3 flights of stairs and these boys did it! with no scars! \n\ni love you, joe.
I had my first in Vegas and have not been able to go back for more. I am so happy some smart young man has opened one in Tempe. The light Rail is right there and I can't wait to get a couple 3 to bring home and graze on.\nWhat a wonderful day when I saw this article in the Food section of the paper today 1\/21\/2015.
I will preface this review saying I didn't eat anything but the chips and guac BUT I have eaten at the Bakersfield in Columbus. \n\nI loved the atmosphere and over decor of Bakersfield. My sister, boyfriend, and I walked in this past weekend for a few drinks around 6:30 pm on Saturday. It was crowded. We were informed of a 30 minute wait for a table so we decided to stand at one of their bar tables. The wait staff was very attentive even to us standing. We all ordered a beer along with an order of chips and guac for the three of us to share. Both the chips and the guac were fresh and the guac was on the chunky side. We were also given 2 salsas to try. \n\nI highly recommend giving this place a try!
Taking a dump as I write this review, and their toilet is surprisingly clean. My buddies told me this is the place to go for Vietnamese food and I was eager to give it a try and compare it to the pho at my super Asian hometown. I've only had their pho and when I drank the first sip of the broth, I was very impressed. Sadly the noodles did little for my taste buds. The noodles consistency was hard, and didn't absorb much flavor. Like they were quite old and refrigerated\/frozen. I don't blame them because I'm sure it is near impossible to get fresh rice noodles in Pittsburgh.
2010 Fox8.com Hotlist winner in Best Hair Color, CC Salon always welcomes its patrons as friends vs. just another customer.  Shelly, Linda, Kim, Marry, Michelle, Natalie, Paul are all a delight to see each time I visit. The staff make an extra effort to get to know each client.  They offers all of the services that fall under hair salon and spa.  Although I personally only use the hair cut, the rest of my family have used numerous other services.  CC is a full service hair salon & spa.  CC has never failed to outshine in everything they have done for myself and my family.  The prices here are reasonably proportioned to the excellent quality they offer.  If you in for just a hair cut, ask for Linda - she is my favorite although the rest of the staff are very well qualified.
Might be one of the dingiest Pizza Huts I've ever been to. Table was dirty, place is out of date. Restaurant was freezing. Though it lists beer on the menu they don't sell any. Waiter said you can byob. Seems it functions mostly as a pick up or carry out.
Bin zum x-ten mal im Royal, es ist wie immer sehr "gediegen". Optisch im klassischen Sinne gemeint, wegen des Service absolut positiv. Ich denke die Zimmer werden nach und nach renoviert, da kann kaum was schiefgehen. Und wenn man das bei der Buchung berücksichtigt, ebenso wie die Lage nach hinten raus und ggf. und soweit verfügbar ein größeres Zimmer nimmt, ist alles bestens. \nExtra-Stern für Sauberkeit, Lage und Originalität des gesetzten Publikums. So war das wohl früher mal Standard bei den ersten Adressen!
I'll keep is short and simple. Food was fantastic! Fresh, flavorful and kept wanting to try more and more things off the menu. We had a mix of tapas items and were still hungry so ordered the paella which filled us. Drinks were excellent. Service was attentive and prompt. Only complaint is that I felt items were overpriced for the amount of food provided.
What a great show.  Great price and it comes with an open bar.\n\nThe hypnotist was wonderful.  It was an adult show but no one was made fun of.  My friend and I laugh so hard through the whole thing.  It's a lot of fun.  I wish I had volunteered
Arrived here with my Wife. We did not have a reservation but waited about 10 minutes for the first available table which was inside.\n\nI am basing my scores off our experience in the following categories.\n\nAtmosphere:\nFor a brewery the atmosephere was very nice and closely resembles a sports bar with numerous tvs present. They also sold merchandise in various forms which i thought was pretty cool.\n\nService:\nOnce seated out waitress assisted us promptly bringing two waters with her prior to us ordering them. She also check back in on is through out our meal.\n\nFood:\nI ordered the Kilt Lifter Brat Sandwhich which i found the be delectable. Carmelized onions, bacon bits, cheese and of course 3 brats split on marble rye bread. Definately worth the $11.  My wife ordered the Buffalo Wings which was about 10 or 11 total for $10. They were okay to me but she thought they were average as well. The biggest thing we wanted was more buffalo sauce.  They were not sauced well and kind of dry. Also the ranch was not good, actually flavorless (this was a first). \n\nBEER: (MOST IMPORTANT )\nWow, I am honestly disappointed in this department. We ordered the Hop Knot and The Raj. Both were supposed to be IPAs with the Raj being the strongest out of the two. I am a huge Ipa fan and love heavy hops and bitterness with mine in addition to flavor other aromatic notes. Neither of these beers had those elements present. The Raj tasted more like a Pale Ale than a IPa. I will say it was very smooth but lacked flavor. The Hop Knot had a mild hoppy taste but no other notes. \n\nTypically if a Brewery has good beer i will stay and drink many more  especially @ $5 a pint. But after these failed attempts at beer we got the check and left. I did not want to try another beer here. As always these are just my $0.02. The main reason that i gave 3 stars is that this is a brewery and we came for the beer and the beer was average at best. If this was a restaurant or bar and the expectation level was different it would have been a 4 star.
This was an amazing dining experience, you certainly pay for it, but I have no regrets.  We ordered the 130\/person "tasting  menu".  It's not really a tasting menu since they give you full sized portions for each dish.  After having bread and the first three dishes of the first course, I was pretty satisfied.  The diver scallops from this course were the best I've ever had, truly amazing.  The next course was delicious murder on my stomach.  There was just so much food.  We had 2 steaks (the strip was fantastic), potato puree, assorted and grilled shrooms and corn.  Everything was well executed and simple, showcasing the exceptional quality of the ingredients.  Thankfully the dessert stomach kicked in because we were given 4 full sized desserts.  A truly divine bread pudding, 4 scoops of delicious gellato, a wonderful cheesecake with cumquats and a bowl of blackberries.  The bread pudding was a serious stand out.  My wife, who hates bread pudding, wouldn't stop eating it.  I had to clamor to get my share.  There goes my playstation 3 money, but like I said, no regrets.
Omg this place is delicious! Tacos al pastor all the way! Their salsa bar ! Don't get me started, I love their salsa bar. I hate it when other taco places hog their salsa in the back and make you ask for extra and then give you the tiniest plastic containers! Not here! Open salsa bar for everyone ! Lol their quesadillas are awesome , I wish I lived across the street i'd come here way more!
Eco auto spa are banch of bultures, they will attempt to charge you more money for the service they already provided. The $40 diamond wash , includes shapm the carpet and interior treatment. I told them about few trouble that need to be vaccum, they tried to charge me $110 to vaccum, when i came back tobpick up my car. It looks like nothing has been done. Watch out those schiesters!!!!
Probably go to this location, or the one at Arrowhead, once a month.  Very much a fan and rarely disappointed with each visit.  They usually have coupons online and they take them from your smartphone!  The only gripe I have is that their bananas at breakfast are usually still a little too green to be tasty.  Although the donut muffins make up for it!  Recommended for all meals, but lunch and dinner are usually a little better.  Screw Flanders.
Went here a few times good food and everything only thing about it is the wierd parking lot it dosnt have street access you have to go down the industrial park to get into it but other than that foods quality Wendy's and the people are friendly.
Wow...I dont get all the haters.  I just did the travelocity deal on 7\/30 and had a FANTASTIC time. The greeting out front was very friendly and the waiter was EXCELLENT.  I always find that if you treat these people like people and not talking meat puppets who are put on this earth to serve you then you are virtually assured of a good experience.   My friend and I started with the crabcake appy which was excellent and then we both had seafood louie salads:  shrimp and crab.    They were really good.  Next came the KC strip steaks which were AMAZING.  We had wild mushrooms and herb fries as our sides.  The free champagne was quite good but what happened with the wine is what put the last 1\/2 star on this review:  We ordered a $42 bottle of Malbac which was out of stock.  They offered us this superb wine which was normally $100 and on sale for $62.  They knocked another $10 off the price so we had an excellent wine for just a few dollars more than retail price in a liquor store.  The churro dessert with whipped cream and vanilla dipping sauces was yummy.  We rolled out of there completely full and totally satisfied.  The place was, happily, very busy and fairly loud but not obnoxiously so.  The restaurant had a casual feel despite the menu prices.  This is definitely only a special occasion place or a place to use a coupon or great online deal!  I'm just kicking myself I didn't get a 2nd coupon to use!
Buyer beware. .!  Knowing that most of the furniture here is just particleboard and cheaply finished,  the prices will seem about right.  The rub is that when they deliver, make sure you closely look each piece over.  Half of the stuff we ordered is damaged, and to get a replacement they must first send out a "Tech" from another company to see if they can repair.  If not then they will decide to replace, maybe.\n\nThey expect you to buy the extra warranty at the store to cover damage from shipping from overseas and delivery to you.   You may think the warranty if for the stuff after you get it, but they really see it as a way you get a little more money from you to ensure when it is delivered it's not busted up.\n\nIn my opinion, I will never take delivery again.  If you buy, go there and inspect the piece, and then take it home.  Also, you will save the $150 in delivery fees.  \n\nActually,  I wont be back.  Junk furniture.
My sister, who teases me about taking food pics and Yelping businesses, loves Doc & Eddy's so much that she insisted I let her dictate a review for them. Lol. \n\nHere it is:\n\n"This is my absolute favorite dive bar, but I don't understand why it's so crowded all the time. They have the best fucking crispy hot delicious dusted butter ranch wings I've ever had in my entire life! Their french fries are also so hot and crispy. Mmmmmm, soooo good. This bar feels like my cousin's basement and boy do I love it. Again, not sure why it's so crowded all the time."\n\nWell, there you have it.\n\nPersonally, I really like their chicken caesar wrap and that they have Papago Orange Blossom on draft. It's a chill place to play pool with friends.
Ok,ok, not fancy, so what...\n\nWe went here to some comfort Italian. No it's not al dente, and no there's no olive oil with balsamic vinegar...\n\nThe pasta, is cooked, the sauce is full of flavour, even the cream sauce is well salted. There is nothing bland and subtle about this place. And I like it that way.\n\nAll pretence is thrown out the window, all you get is a solid meal at good deal. They have a pizza oven so the pizza crust is done well here. \n\nThe tortellinis are a little tough and over cooked. The other pastas even though not al dente work we'll with the sauce. I was surprised at how fast I ate it all up, it was tasty.
I usually wouldn't review a chain like JJ unless there is something specific to the location.  I ordered a couple of sandwiches ahead for carryout and got popped with a $2 "delivery fee".  Total BS.  I wish I would have noticed before I got home.  Boo!  Quit stealing money.\n\nThe sandwiches, of course, were JJ and pretty tasty with sweet bread.  Just beware here.  Don't order your sandwich ahead of time or they will rob you.
I have come here only a couple of times, and I will tell you that Andy and Don do a fantastic job!  Me and my daughter have been to other salons, and this one is still the best!
Will never stay at this hotel again. Terrible customer service. Rudest front desk people. Motel 6 has way more potential than this hotel. Very disappointed.
Just ordered lunch from work thru UberEats.  We got the orders and all of our salsas are missing.   Called Fresco and let them know we were missing the salsas.   At first they argued with me as to if we were really missing them.   Yes, we checked under all the chips in all the bags, no salsa.  Then the first employee told a second employee to talk to me.  I was polite and did not raise my voice.   The second employee once again asked if it was in one of he bags.  We checked again, no salsa.  None.  He finally said, well i can take it off your bill I guess.  I'll take that, since I'm at work and only have so much time for lunch.   But you know, we are right down the street... Both folks seemed like it was a pain and that I was lying.  Being in customer service myself I was a bit disappointed.  Food was hot, but pretty dry and meh, not much seasonings it seemed like.
This place is where you want to be if you value comfort and location on the Vegas Strip. The rooms are stellar with the beds and bathrooms being very comfortable. In room safe and flat screen TVs add to the quality. The hotel itself has an excellent sports book, great shopping, good food, and a fantastic theme: sexy women in lingerie dealing cards and craps! The location on the strip is prime. If you are on your first trip to Vegas and are between 21 and 30 go here no questions asked. I go to Vegas multiple times per year and always stay at Planet Hollywood. Its always a superior experience for the price.
We hit up the bar area of Table 274 for a CMYE tonight, and I have to say that I came away impressed.  I cannot tell you the last time that someone in a restaurant shook my hand as I entered.  It may not have happened at all before tonight.\n\nThe food was served up on plate after plate (after plate).  The only downside here is that those small plates to eat the appetizers suddenly went missing, but you can scarcely fault Table 274 - there was just too much demand. And there was little slowing down this crowd: The kabob sticks worked well in a pinch.\n\nMmm... The cheese and sausage plate, the pork belly wrapped in bacon, the short rib and sweet potato gnocchi, the shrimp cakes and yes, the chocolate pana cotta.\n\nWhat?  You missed the panna cotta?  That was mostly thanks to Jimmy D.  I think he had four of the six they brought out.  Our intrepid leader, Nicole W., may have had the rest.  You may cut her some slack since it is almost her birthday.  As to Jimmy?  Just look at the guy.  He needs to gain some weight.\n\nTwelve words can best sum up our event: I ate here and I didn't die, but this place is awesome!
I love this place and always bring friends and family in! I'm a big fan of the "create your own" concept and the fact that there's no limit on the ingredients you can put on the pizza. Quick service. The pizza is always delicious too. The only thing knocking their fifth star is they're a bit stingy. I like to put a bunch of ingredients so it doesn't typically bother me. However, last time I was there I brought a friend and he was almost done with his whole pizza when the manager came and asked us how it was then questioned why my friend asked for a box if he was going to waste it since he was practically done with his pizza. He said he didn't ask for a box... because he didn't (they gave it to him in a box without asking) so that was a little intrusive and rude to assume and judge. The pizza does taste delicious though!! Just make sure you don't get a box unless you want the manager trying to guilt you about it.
I have bought two Kia's from rodeo Kia over the last few months. Both times were great experiences. Bud in sales and all of the managers were direct. They won't give you the runaround there. I highly recommend going to rodeo Kia. They don't have your typical car salesman there. If you want a fair price, this is the place to go.
Man, this place is a disaster now. Disgusting bathrooms, disheveled employees, sticky floors. \nBut the chicken keeps me a'commin' back.
They are getting better here.   The food arrived quickly and they have a new ordering board which is nice.  My burger was better than it has been in the past.  The cobb salad was very good.
This is by far my favorite street taco joint in east Phoenix. Their meat is of good quality, fresh and grilled just right. You get a lot of bang for your buck, especially on Tuesdays when the tacos are $1.79 (normally $2.75), as the tacos are big (for street tacos) and loaded with meat. The service is fast and friendly, especially Zeus (guy with the ponytail). He takes really good care of the customers and goes above and beyond. I will keep recommending this place to everyone. Thank you.
For a "Pizza Connoisseur" this place is great! I love they have signature pizzas and you can custom build your own! Ingredients are fresh and they cook it in a wood fire stove. Always tastes superb!
Rude & unhelpful associates;including the management. I have been a beauty card member for years. They were trying to say that my card was expired & it wasn't. So, I returned with my receipt & explained what happened. The manager just dismissed it & said "yea, it's updated."  No apology, no customer service. I will travel the extra couple of miles and go to the Serene location.  Or start shopping online.
DON'T GO HERE.  Had my I phone fixed about a couple months ago, the young boy is not the most professional.  Told me to wait 2 hrs for a cracked screen, I live far so I waited.  Ended up being 3 hours.  Anyway I walked in the store and the boy was having lunch & drinks over my phone.  Then comes up 15 min later saying you have water damage. Really kid? Was this before or after your meal?  Gave me a new screen but it popped out the phone continuously and he said it'd be an additional $80 to fix ($160 now for a screen) I didn't have the phone for a whole week before it cracked in 5 different places WITH A CASE ON!  I called to speak to the manager and he never once returned my call.  They take your money then don't give a shit about ur phone, beware!!!!!!  They also sent my mom home with her phone and kept her SIM card so she couldn't even have a working phone until they opened the following day.  BAD BUSINESS!
Treasure Island- excuse me- "TI" has a great location (right next to Fashion Show mall and easily walkable from the rest of the strip). The Sirens show is perfect for waking you up from an afternoon nap, the Starbucks line is always long, but they have Mystere, the first Cirque show to have a custom theater built for it. It's my next show I'd want to see when in Vegas. Looks amazing. \n\nIt's great because it's on the corner of Las Vegas blvd and Spring Mountain Road, so you can make a quick getaway to the freeway without having to sit in stupid Strip traffic. And the beds? SOOOOOOO comfortable. This may sound weird but they have the best smelling hotel hand soap. And when you enter the lobby it always smells like a fresh spritz of..something. I'm really specific aren't I? Either way, it just smells GOOD. That's all you need to know.
I needed a trailer to haul the wife's car across the country (as well as the rest of our stuff)... I was on a timeline and needed it within 6 weeks and so I thought I was stuck with what was on the lots. Luckily I found these guys... Katy was super helpful and got me a custom trailer built and delivered in a month as well as doing it for about 4k less than the lots in Mesa. Their location isn't pretty... but running with low overhead allows them to sell cheap. Mitchell (I think) helped check me out in it before I pulled away and was a great guy. All in all... they're definitely worth checking if you need a trailer.
Old School shop with one of a kind knowledge of parts! Carol is a true treasure and Bob would be lost without her knowledge of the location of parts, her knowledge of the parts and bikes themselves plus her loyalty! Love talking to her and listening to her extensive knowledge of old and new Harley's.
New Year means new menu items. All I can say is "Thanks Jackie!" Tried the new turkey salad crostini yesterday, and fellow foodies you should try it too! Or the tofu scramble with potatoes. Or just a side of the roasted veggies. You pretty much can't go wrong here. Wy-Knot!
I went in there today for a money order. Tell me why the clerk told me there's a $5 charge for the freaking money order?! FIVE DOLLARS?! Whet? Like who does that!? Especially when other places such as supermarkets or even the post office charge UNDER A DOLLAR! I had even checked the website before hand just to see how much the charge was for a money order and the site didn't give one. That's probably because they know $5 is too dang high! Unfortunately, I was in a rush so I had to pay the 5 bucks but dang. Lesson learned.  Do you know what I could've done w\/ $5? Well let me tell you: Costco's gas is currently $2.50\/gallon. I could've gotten TWO MORE GALLONS of gas. A $5 foot long from subway before the tax. An Old Navy t-shirt for the low. A pack of hamburger meat. Underwear, b\/c you can't have enough underwear. Basically you can buy a lot of things w\/ $5 instead of spending it on a dang money order.  I have a checking AND savings account there but charging that hot mess price smh. Also had to wait a good 5-7 minutes inside before getting help.
Tao was certainly the "IT" place to be when it debuted a few years ago, and as far as Vegas clubs go, it's one of the better ones.  Impressively, it even managed to steal Pure's thunder.   And while it is a favorite among Asians, despite the hype and the initial wow\/glamour factor,  you'll soon realize that Tao may be bit overhyped.  I certainly have had my bad experiences here (see below) and have yet to really truly enjoy clubbing here.\n\nHonestly, the club is very nice inside, visually, with a strong "urban" zen feel.  The hot babes in the bathtubs at the entrance and inside are certainly a crowd pleaser and welcome distinction.   But it's dark as fuq inside to the point you can't really see anyone, which can be a good or bad thing depending on your situation.  If you're trying to meet up with friends already inside or you're lost, good luck finding them.  \n\nThe dance floors are nicely sized, but like any Vegas club, it's packed to the brim and you can't really move around on the dance floor.  Plus the annoying stupid idiots who try to shove their way through the dance floor really ruin the fun regardless of how many expensive drinks I had... I guess this is just how it is in Vegas :\/  On the other hand, the Tao Beach club at the top is really cool and gives you a gorgeous view of the Strip and The Venetian.  It feels like Cabana Club in LA.\n\nBut really, beyond the glitz and glamor this place tries to hype with its sensual and exotic Asian theme, I've had more fun going to Pure.  But if you've never been, it's worth a check out...if you want to wait 2-3 hours, or grab bottled service\/table.\n\n\n**Bad Experience 1:\nThe first time I went, I was denied entry by the bouncer due to my shoes and was forced to go back across the street to change, despite inquiring the club in advance about the dress code.   "Jeans and white casual shoes are fine - as long as they're clean", my ass.   Yes I know I'm in Vegas, and yes I should know better to dress my best, but personally I hate wearing nice expensive dress to clubs since  A.) They're probably gonna get scuffed inside; B.) They're uncomfortable to move around in  C.) Who the hell would want to dance in dress shoes?  You certainly don't see people playing sports (Yes, dancing is considered a sport) in loafers.  \n\nReally, you should be allowed to wear shoes you are COMFORTABLE dancing in.  It wasn't like I was wearing basketball shoes - I was wearing my casual wheat\/gray Sketchers.  "But the lady at the club told me they're fine earlier...", I complained.  "I don't care," says the Bouncer.  Anyway, after 30 minutes, I made it into Tao ONLY to discover a bunch of white guys inside wearing plain T-shirts and white basketball shoes...WTF?!  DISCRIMINATION!  Oh and then I had to spend a good 40 minutes searching in the dark for my friends.  Fun times\n\n**2nd Bad Experience:\nOn my most recent trip this past summer, the DJ was absolutely horrible!  Possibly one of the worst DJs I've ever heard, which really killed the clubbing mood.  My GF was also pissed off over the bad DJ and also with the amount of pushing and shoving that went on inside.  After 2 hours in the club, our group just left.  Yes, it was THAT bad.  At least this time, we got in fast as we stayed at the Venetian and got the VIP treatment.
Patty Krenos has been my financial advisor for over 10 years.  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my family's finances. She is knowledgeable, honest, and always willing to answer all of my questions. Both her and her staff are extremely pleasant. I always look forward to meeting with Patty to discuss my financial goals.
I and my wife stayed here for 4 nights during Christmas. The hotel is not the best and also not the worst place to stay for the price. Rooms are decent but have very limited amenities. Rooms don't have microwave and coffee machine. The reason I'm giving this hotel 1\/5 stars is because of the rude, lying and cheating behavior of the hotel staff. I would never recommend anyone to stay because of how the staff behaved with us and will never ever stay at any westgate hotels!!
After being let down by an over priced and under flavored burger at Gordon Ramsay's I felt the need to try again and decided to give Bobby Flays Burger Palace a try.  Located right on the strip at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel, Bobby's is the perfect place to people watch. The menu is small and the burgers are somewhat basic. All of the burgers have the FREE option of being "crunchified" by topping them with crunchy plain bagged potato chips. on the side you can order Ala Cart Fries and Onion Rings. The overall price is about 25% less then the majority of other celebrity burgers on the strip.  The best part....the Burger is actually very good. I ordered the basic classic all American cheese burger with double cheese, bacon and all topped with the potato chips on a Sesame Seed bun. When my burgers were brought to the table the Bacon was missing so I let the server know. Not only did he immediately bring me the bacon for the burger but also extra bacon on the side to make up for the mistake, SCORE !  My burger was cooked just right. Medium well, moist but not pink with a nice crust and flavor that reminded me of burgers my mom would cook me in the cast Iron pan growing up.  On it I had a choice of Ketchup's and Mustard's. The Classic Hines or some that were house made. My favorite was the Jalapeno Mustard which was slightly sweet with a little heat.  I had some very good crispy fresh fries on the side that were perfect for dipping in the mustard. The onion rings were not as good, as they were a little less crunchy and a little more greasy. Next time I would do fries only. Simone had a Carolina Burger that was topped with Honey BBQ Sauce and Green Onion Mustard Slaw. She also had a perfectly cooked burger which she really enjoyed. I thought the slaw was a little overpowering with the flavors of the onion but she loved it. She also had chips on it and borrowed some of my extra bacon to put on it. So overall this is one of the better places for a burger on the strip and its much easier on the wallet then most.  I would definitely recommend Bobby's Burger Palace.
I came here with some friends for Winterlicious and had a great time. The meat was a bit on the saltier side but with some salad it didn't feel too bad. The entertainment was ok (some dancers and live band playing) but it did get old pretty quickly. I'm not sure if it's because we were there on a Friday night but the restaurant was extremely noisy and my friends and I had to yell at each other to be heard so this is not the place if you're looking to have a quiet meal. I would recommend trying out this place once just for the experience.\n\nFor the menu, I highly recommend the top sirloin and the grilled pineapple! \n\nTips for drivers: You do get free parking after 7PM. The parking lot is behind the building, off of Redpath Ave. - make sure you drive all the way in. All you have to do is park and leave your car information with the waitress at the front.
The drive down Water Street from Ocean to Victory offers a nostalgic view of Henderson. The Vintage Barber Shop couldn't be more perfectly located and accessible whether walking or parking. The quaint barber pole evokes a sense of the old-time quality of service. In essence, it is a refreshing sight and a standout. Last Saturday, I took my teen family member to the barber shop for a haircut. We stepped in without an appointment and inquired about the wait. It seemed encouraging as there were only a few people waiting and it was mid-afternoon. Of course, it took longer than anticipated. Within 45 minutes, he was in the barber's chair. He didn't seem too sure about it at first. While waiting he saw other boys and men happy with their results. This put him more at ease while anticipating his new haircut. Fortunately, I observed a small sign on the wall in back of the shop. "Cash Only". On Tuesdays and Saturdays haircuts are $20, otherwise $30. Then there was the sign, "Don't forget to TIP your barber"!  Whoa, another trip out and back to obtain $25 cash. Conveniently, I was able to visit an ATM at one of the casinos on Water Street. I sat and watched his experience. Finally, the barber applied a hot towel treatment with shave cream to clean up the hairline. I am thinking that we will soon need to come back for his sixteenth birthday and first real shave. That would be worth the extra $25 price for such a special occasion.  Without an appointment, approximately 90 minutes later for $25, I was taking a pic of a very happy young man sporting a new haircut.
This restaurant had really good food. The chips and salsa were fresh, the guacamole was made after we ordered it, and we got the chicken tostada salads which were BOMB!! I also had white wine sangria which was fresh and light. The prices are on the high side for Mexican food- probably because you are right on the strip. If you sit outside you can see the fountain show. Go during happy hour to save some money!!
Absolutely amazing dinner and experience. Not one item disappointed and while the food changes week to week so there is no point to mention specific dishes, rest assured you will not be disappointed. The presentation, flavors and service were a 10 out of 10!
We were looking to see something new in Vegas. We found it at the Cosmo, but not in a good way. The lobby was full of drunken trash worthy of an off-strip Best Western without a single member of staff in sight. Just passing through, I was keenly aware of the danger of being puked on, sucker-punched, or pick-pocketed. Luckily, we made it through without a major incident but I will not return to see if my luck holds out. If you have always wanted to go to the Jersey Shore but didn't want to go all the way to Jersey. Look no further. If you want to hit rock bottom, this is the place. If you are a career criminal or have other reasons to frequent a location that is understaffed and doesn't bother with security, you want the Cosmopolitan. If you are looking to enjoy a fun evening with the finer people in Vegas, this is NOT the place.
FINALLY somewhere that serves HOMEMADE sausage gravy!  Today was our first time stopping after numerous times driving past and seeing how packed the parking lot always was. We are SO glad we did!  The bf got the breakfast sandwich, I had sausage gravy over biscuits and we split an order of home fries and a pancake. As soon as you walk in the door the entire staff greets you from wherever they're standing. Food and service was outstanding!
On a Thursday lunch, this restaurant was busy.  However, we only had to wait about 5-10 minutes.  It was well worth the wait.  The drinks and food was awesome and of great value.  I had the sesame crusted salmon.  It was the house specialty and it didn't disappoint.  I liked the fried spinach that came with it so much that I wish I got more of those instead of the mashed potatoes.  Those were good as well, but I really liked the fried spinach.  The server was excellent and very friendly.  My wife and I were very happy to have stopped by this restaurant.  Nice bar area also.
I have been to many breakfast restaurants and this is the best by far.\n\nI was going to turn around because the lineup at the door was pretty big but man am I glad I didn't. We got a place pretty fast and even if the place was packed the service was amazing. From the hostess to the waiters everyone was on point. The lady at the door even remembered my boyfriend's name and said bye by his name when we left.\n\nThe menu is huge and got at least 200 choices but I was craving waffles so I didn't spend too much time and the rest of the menu.\n\nI took the house special waffle and it was out of this world. Very big and tasty waffle, loads of apples, creme anglaise and caramel.\n\nI will be going back to try a few more items on the menu.\n\nGreat food, amazing staff and awesome atmosphere but if you are going there to have a quiet breakfast think again because it is busy and pretty noisy.
I haven't been here for several years and decided to visit Vogue Bistro once again with my wife.  On my previous visit I recall being disappointed... and seems not much has changed.  I know Vogue has positioned itself to be an upscale restaurant, but they fall short in so many ways.  I have eaten at numerous of Vogue's competitors in central Phoenix as well as other locations throughout the Valley and have thoroughly enjoyed them all, as one can verify with my previous Yelp reviews, however I cannot say the same with Vogue.  Lots of little things... but the issue was my meal; One of the blandest steaks I've ever had in my life.  I wonder if they've de-savorized their food due to their clientele being mostly seniors.  I don't know, but there are plenty of other eateries where one actually enjoys eating their meal.
I'm not sure which doctor we had, but a couple weeks ago our older dog suffered a bad attack. He was already 15 years old so when we talked to the vet we decided to let him go. The vet was very kind and when he came back to do the deed, he cried with us. This meant a lot to my family and even though we couldn't save our baby, they were very kind and considerate throughout the process.
LAX could learn a lot from the Phoenix airport. Clean, easy to navigate, access to walking treadmills everywhere and TONs of places to eat at the gates unlike the two crappy options I had in LAX. Everything just seems better here.
What a disaster of a dinner.  We show up and order our apps and dinner at the same time.  Over an hour and 20 minutes later our main course hasn't arrived.  When walking back to ask the waiter if he put in our order the manager wants to argue and tell us that seafood takes longer to cook than other dishes.  Note to manager:  Don't argue with the customer.  Apologize and act like you give a damn.  We weren't asking for a discount or anything else, just wanted to know when we could eat and get out of there.\nWill I return?  Hell no, nor will any of the others who were with me.\nAs for my pasta dish, it wasn't bad but Bucca's is much better.\n\nBy sharing my review on Facebook, I want the manager to realize that actions have consequences.  Don't be a jerk.
Great venue.  Food was good and the beer was cheap.  Chicken tinga torta before Sister Sparrow and Anders Osbourne show. Good night for a Monday.
Pretty good food. We had a problem with a dish that we didn't care for and even though we called out they made us another one. They even threw on fresh fries which was unexpected. Great customer service! Thanks.
It's always nice being able to out and eat something fresh at the same time. Zupas had some very tasty food. I had the Honey Bacon Club and the Chicken Tortilla soup and it was delicious. Plus they give you a chocolate strawberry at the end. Can't go wrong with that!\n\nThe facility was very well kept as well. Everything was clean and the staff was very friendly. I'd definitely recommend for a quick and easy lunch.
Lenea is such a talented makeup artist! She did my makeup for my senior photos and my experience overall was wonderful! She listened to what i wanted and what i didn't want and created something very beautiful! I would recommend her to anyone! I  definitely plan on using her again in the future!
I stopped by @  Diamond's Sports Grill aka Sluggo's Sports Grill to try out a new place with friends and ordered a sourdough burger with fries.   Well...  I just google image searched "sourdough burger" and yep - what I had last night did not look like ANYTHING on the first 18 results.  \n\nI know, sounds ridiculous but hey, I just wanted to double check because what I ate last night was ridiculously greasy to the point that the bread was soaked, the bread was barely toasted, the shape of the bread was entirely different to the shape of the burger and it brought back memories of eating short hot dogs with long hot dog buns back in the day when I was in college.  I appreciated the pleasant memories from college but now that I'm 31, I'd like to have food that's a bit better in quality.  The fries were unremarkable.\n\nSo food aside, I was paying the bill and the server did the one thing I absolutely abhor when I go out to eat.  For a $15.xx bill, I gave her a $20 and she asked me if I needed change.\n\nNow ok.  I'm not going to be living in the streets over $4.xx but at the same time, I find it very annoying when someone asks for a 30% tip when the service was poor.\n\nDon't go unless every place, and I really mean EVERY PLACE IN THE AREA THAT SELLS ANYTHING EDIBLE, is closed or you love curt service and bad food.\n\nTo be fair, the place wasn't all bad news bears, I got to meet up with my friends!  :)
So glad to have found this place. I am always looking for a good as well as reasonable place for a hair cut and this was the first one where I was happy with my hair cut even a week after. First visited it in Dec 2012 and have been back twice since. \nThe last cut I asked for a real short style and the compliments I received proved that it was not just me who loved what Mikki did.\nShe is a lovely person, kind and takes her time. She also gave my 10 year old a cut that was excellent. \n\nFor sure a place I will frequent. Wait time can be a bit long on Saturday's even with an appointment but overall very good.
The Tron is one of those bars that always seems like a good idea, but then when you go you realise its actually disappointing and you should have gone elsewhere. \n\nDown a steep flight of stairs is a rather dull pub with not much going on. The drinks aren't great quality, I hear the pints are like "piss water". We once had food here and it was nothing more than mediocre. \n\nWhat I hate about the Tron is the toilets. Call me old fashioned, but I like to do my business in a clean environment. Maybe that is my OCD coming out? I don't know. One night I went here and out of the three toilet cubicles one was missing a door, one didn't have a lock and the other was well... you don't really want me to go into detail. I was once told the standard of toilets tells you a lot about the quality of a place. That visit put me right off for good! \n\nThe Tron is very popular with students though, so it does okay and is quite busy on a Friday\/Saturday night.
I liked the old Ghengis Grill and the current changes that they have made makes you feel like your teacher is looking over your back which makes you feel uncomfortable. \n\nNo wonder why the 2 locations in Paradise Valley and Scottsdale shut down. \n\nThey have 2 size bowls and then give you a tray to hold your bowl. Use to be able to get as many eggs as possible and now are restricted to 2. Use to be able to get tortillas and now they charge you for them. \n\nI understand why the owners changed things but if you take away things that your loyal customers had don't expect them to come back.\n\nBefore this place was a 5 stars, now they are a 3 star. \n\nDon't like the new changes and don't know if i will come back.
We got the Groupon for this place, and cashed it in tonight once we realized we had nothing planned for dinner. We'll eat with Banzo again, for sure! Very good sandwiches and sides. My husband got The F-Bomb with chicken, and I got The Harvest. We got sides of falafel and hummus, and each got an iced tea. Everything was GREAT, the service (over the phone) was super friendly and we're especially excited about them moving into the old Vientiane Garden spot on Sherman -- that's just down the road from us, and just a decent dinner walk away!
This place just keeps getting better for only being open a few weeks. Yes, I've waited in line because it was worth it. The eggs Benedict are excellent, as well as the French toast.  Large Roasted chic salad homemade blue cheese dressing ( I asked) had fresh potato fries on it. Umm, if I had another hand, I'd have choked myself shoveling all that in! My friend had the ranch on chef...OMG. Soups, My friend and  I had chic tortilla, it was delicious, wonderful aroma,  lil spice kick, I need to get back for more of that. The wedding soup..took home a quart, all I can say. Corned beef on rye all fresh, buttery melt in your mouth beef. Had their sweet potato fries, yummy, crisp homemade chips, yummy, burgers, buns, tuna salad, macaroni salad, absolutely loved it. I've been there about 5 times with family and friends. We've all ordered different things and sat there saying to each other, try this, try this. Waitresses are very friendly and the place is clean. And this whole review leads into the homemade brownie a la mode...need I say more. Give the kitchen a round of well deserved beers! Welcome to the neighborhood Becky :)
This company is awesome! I promptly got a quote and set an appointment.  Rick called before the appt and arrived on time.  I couldn't believe the job...the stairs looked like new! I would not hesitate to use this company again.  They are fantastic!
They have sweet peppers. I LOVE SWEET PEPPERS! Try them on your cheesesteak. I like them on my cold italian sub. Yum.
Very disappointed.  Dined at Flemmings for an important business dinner and the waiter knocked over a full glass of red wine square into my lap.  My shirt, pants, and purse were soaked.  The staff was quick to react and even offered to cover the cleaning bill.  However, they did not comp the wine or discount the meal in any way.  The Operating Partner, Jackie E., gave me her card to contact her for the cleaning, but when I reached out to let her know that I was luckily able to get the wine out with no staining, she didn't even bother to respond.  Nothing.  I at least expected a "oh, good, glad to hear it" kind of thing.  Hell, even an offer to return for a free appetizer or dessert.  But, nothing.  I really liked Fleming's, too, but after this experience, I won't be back.
Mark is my all time favourite carpet cleaner. He is honestly the best. My carpets would have been long gone if not for Mark at All Star Chemdry. He does an excellent job every time and makes my carpets look brand new.  He has removed stains that I thought would never come out. I have been using him for about 15 years and I hope he never retires!
The staff here is SO sweet, greeted us with smiles and they were so helpful. Glad to be starting our journey with them!!
This is now the second time we have been here, and both times we had great meals. After having been to many other high-end restaurants, I think this place offers incredibly good value as compared to some of the rest.\n\nSadly, I don't remember what I had the first time about a year ago, but I did remember having a very good meal. Last night's experience with the 4-course signature menu was very good. We did not choose the 7-course signature menu because the whole table would had have to have it.\n\nThe lineup was as follows:\n\nFois gras brûlée: very interesting concept and tasty. Basically creme brûlée made with fois gras. Worth trying once for the extra $10, but probably not worthwhile every time, as the Waygu beef tartar was also very good\n\nScallops: prepared well with ox tail\n\nPork loin - this is where the money was. After I took the first bite, I had to ask the waiter what I was eating because it was SO incredibly good. The loin itself was good, but they did a second part of it minced and seasoned with mostly pork shoulder, at least according to the waiter. It was unlike anything I have ever eaten.  It would have been awesome if the whole dish was made out of that!!\n\nLayered chocolate cake with coffee ice cream: I remember using a different two-word term starting with a G (ganache?) but can't recall exactly, but wow it was heavenly. It appeared as a small bar, but it was densely rich an incredibly decadent. The coffee ice cream with cocoa shavings was also very good.\n\nOverall, a very good meal, and excellent value for the price. The Tea Rose cocktail was also very good. \n\nLast but not least, the ambiance was also well done. Our party of 8 was located in the smack middle of the filled dining room, yet we felt we can have private conversations without being overheard. We can tell it's very happening all around us, but we didn't have to talk loudly to be heard. \n\nI will definitely be back. It has become a favorite place of mine.
Best tacos de Chicharron! They take a little long to make but its because its all home made even tortillas :)
They're very honest. We called them because the cool air is not distributed evenly upstairs. Our master bedroom is freezing! They came out took a look and turned out its not an AC issue..they made a proper recommendation and diagnosis. They are honest. I'll be using them if I ever have an issue with my AC
We stayed November 25, 2017 for one night.   I am a Gold SPG member.  The hotel was good, although the room layout in 1821 we stayed at was really odd, with a long empty hallway inside the room before you enter the actual room on the right.  Everyone was extremely friendly and polite.  The pool was over-chlorinated and small.  The restaurant on premises was a bit overpriced.  The biggest issue was dishonesty of their cleaning staff.  My 9-year old left almost new LL Bean hiking shoes in the room upon check in.  The cleaning lady who didn't spoke much English or French for that matter was cleaning the room next door.  I told her we were checking out. Once we returned to Stowe, VT, we realized we forgot the shoes.  Knowing we stayed at Le Westin for only one night and the shoes were there in between the two beds, I immediately called the hotel.  They transferred me to lost and found, who told me that the housekeeping lady who cleaned the room did not return any shoes.  Still full of hope, I thought that maybe shoes got kicked in under the bed and she missed them.  Lost and Found told me they will check and call me.  They never did.  I called again, left a message.  Nothing.  I know the cleaning lady found the shoes but failed to submit them to lost and found and that's not the hotel you want to stay at. Kind of sad when you can't rely on your cleaning staff.
Went to the 'new' R by MOD on 7\/3 for Happy Hour. We have been coming here since the VERY beginning, and have seen the Ups, Downs, and everything in between. I have to say that the negative reviews are unwarranted----We had a great time, with good food and drinks. Had a Flatbread, the Mussels, the Black Bean Hummus, and probably other stuff that was really pretty awesome. I can see that this place won't appeal to everyone, but hey, that's why there are chain restaurants. To sum up: Good food, decent wine list, creative cocktails, decent happy hour, good music, good service. We'll be back a lot.
To me this is the five star Robertos in Vegas experience, that I've come to know.  Drop a cash tip and see how quickly your service improves.  This is still Vegas and cash tips are greatly appreciated by nearly all...  Bacon breakfast was on point and because I was nice to the guy and starting talking about the Raiders coming to vegas due to his hat and BAM my burrito was served up mas grande.  I could taste the fresh ground cheese which is great and the pico de gallo upgrade is essential.  Early in the morning the floors are mopped and the salsa bar is all clean and fresh including utensils, all very nice aspects.
I was lucky enough to get into the Monday night event, Bubbles & Beauty. I decided to bring my fellow Yelp Elite bestie, Jen Z, as my plus one. Once we got there they had a super cute set up of delicious desserts, complementary champagne and a private DJ. The space was a little bit squished, but we still had a great time.\n\nSharon was amazing and did a wonderful mini makeover on me and suggested some awesome new products. I'm totally addicted to the concealer and foundation now. My face felt so smooth and hydrated afterwards.\n\nI will definitely be coming back soon to purchase some goodies. Thanks for putting this together Tay!
These were the Steak and Bacon Tacos with Avocado and Cucumber Salad absolutely mouth watering!  I apologize I didn't snap a picture of the Lemon Creme Burle with home made shortbread cookies before the plate was empty a must try.  Out waiter Cortney was on point and the patio was extremely comfortable
First time  here and definitely will come back. Food was great  and inexpensive to. Restaurant was kind of on the small side, and minimal parking during lunch hours. But not bad considering your right next to ASU.
If I could give no stars I would, ordered for delivery my food came in an hour, but still warm when it got here. I got 2 beef kebabs, hummus and baklava, the rice was so dry and tasted burnt, the beef had no flavor, the hummus basically had a bottle of oil on top, I had to pour out the oil just to get to the hummus. The baklava was the best thing out of the whole order and that wasn't even very good it was dry and crunchy.
This place is one of our favorites when we're in the area. Most food and drink items are very good.  Happy hour gives half off certain items.  Servers turn over frequently.  When you find a good one try and ask for them.
Just like it bother Joes Farm Grill, this is the best food in town. I love going here. Especially on my birthday for the free meal.
Old school Fremont St , free picture with the Million dollars is worth a few minutes of your time . I took off and returned later at night to pick mine up during the light show intermission .They have some new slot machines and good table gaming .
Je suis allée à Ikanos ce midi, avec 2 collègues, et nous avons tous été emballés par la nourriture. La table d'hôte du midi est à 22$, comprenant entrée, plat et mignardises, et je peux vous assurer que tout a l'air excellent et il y a un choix vraiment intéressant!\nNous avons pris la salade en entrée, et comme plats, calamars frits, filet de porc et pieuvre grillée. Je dois avouer que la pieuvre grillée est à tomber par terre, un véritable régal, cuisinée dans une petite sauce à l'huile et aux câpres vraiment succulente!!\nA essayer à tout prix! :)
They made my senior homecoming so very special!! They beat quality and prices of ANY store in the malls!!
Raj was great...he went above and beyond helping out my inlaws get to the airport and secure a porter for them
Amazing service!  I had just had surgery and had family in town.  Since I travel all of the time, I had not realized my refrigerator and freezer were not working well.  I did know my ice maker was not working.  Vladimir responded immediately, located the part needed locally and returned to get everything in working order. Now, my world has ice and a totally reliable appliance serviceman!!!!
This restaurant shares an address with Sapphire Gentlemen's Club. As a married man away from home on business, I was not brave enough to go walking around and see if I could find the restaurant or have to brave half-naked waifs to get to it. After coming home and reading other reviews, I realize that it only shares the address and parking lot with the "ladies." It apparently has a separate entrance.\n\nI may try again now that I have more information, but families should be warned that Industrial Rd is an adult entertainment district, so the kiddies may ask more questions that you're ready to answer.
To my surprise, the owner's of Thai Hut are the original owners from Thai Orchid, who came out of retirement to open this little place.  Great food, great prices and a quaint location make for a great meal!
I believe my complaint to shutterfly will sum up my experience. I advise you order from Mpix or elsewhere and mail them out yourselves.\n\nShutterfly,\n\nI am very disappointed on how my order was handled. I spent a significant amount of time preparing my graduation card and trying to make it memorable. I was happy to see that you made the process easier by allowing me to ship to multiple addresses but the result was far less than desirable. I was outraged, after one of my family members told me that they had almost thrown away their package because it did not have my name anywhere on the packaging. The package was Attn: to shutterfly and had shutterfly written all over the packaging. No one will ever willingly purchase from you knowing that when they send out their invitations it may as well end up in their recipients dumpster. Secondly, had they journeyed far enough to open the packaging, it was loaded with so much advertisement that the card was unnoticeable. I am glad that a family member warned me about this and will do a Facebook invite instead. Furthermore, I will write reviews about my experience and make sure others do not fall into the same trap. This company chooses advertisement over happy customers.\n\nI encourage you to read what your customers are saying and try something different. Perhaps, one day this review will be irrelevant but as of 5\/8\/2016 this is Shutterfly.
I have mixed feelings about The Bourbon Room. On one hand, it's a good option if you want to grab drinks in a casual environment without worrying about lines or cover. However, it doesn't really serve as a replacement for the club and it's definitely lacking the lounge atmosphere. \n\nDespite not fitting into one specific category, the Bourbon Room still manages to draw a crowd. I think it's a combination of the loud 80s music videos, strong drinks and easy accessibility from the casino floor.  \n\nThe Bourbon Room definitely caters to a specific niche market and more specifically fans of 80s music. As a result, the crowd reflects this with many patrons in the 30s and 40s. I found crowd to be carefree and non-judgmental. Unlike the club, people weren't there to be seen or to pick-up. They were just there to relax and have fun.'\n\nAnother thing I liked about the Bourbon Room was its energy. They have an emcee\/host who jokes around, introduces songs and gets guests involved in contests in exchange for free drinks or show tickets. It can be extremely entertaining or also annoying depending on your mood. \n\nOverall, it's not a bad place to grab a drink for a more low-key night. If you're staying at the Venetian or Palazzo, I doubt you'll miss it.
Self serve frozen yogurt? What a FANTASTIC IDEA!\n\nWant a treat and want do it completely by yourself? This is the place to go. You can choose your flavor of yogurt (or choose several of them if you want), take the amount you want (you pay by weight - not selection) then proceed to choose the toppings you wish to garnish it with (there were about 40-50 of them), pay for it then ravage that delicious treat!\n\nBe careful though, it can get a little EXPENSIVE but what an innovative fun way to making your frozen yogurt treat the way YOU WANT IT.\n\nI went with half chocolate \/ half coconut yogurt with brownies and coconut shavings. The chocolate side was amazing, the coconut was too sweet for my taste. All in all very good. Will try again.\n\nThey also serve crepes, it was... duly noted for my next visit. :)
Just what Mt. Lebanon needed. A real homemade ice cream shop. I didn't experience anything that was truly out of this world but nevertheless I can appreciate the creamy homemade goodness. Plenty of places to sit and the prices aren't too bad. I think that the min credit card charge is now $5. I think that is pretty standard for a lot of places, heck right down the road at Pamela's they don't even accept cards so I'm that there is even this option. I can see that I will be coming here a lot in the future....
Oh, so good. Bless you Dean Thomas for coming to the states and making your awesome food. My 2nd visit to AZ, also..My 2nd visit to Cornish Pasty. I had to come back and it did not disappoint. Had the Guinness Stew Pasty, so tender and tasty. HAD to finish with the banoffee pie, again did not disappoint!
Awesome staff! !! Makes being at the doctors office not too bad! Dr. Harter is so efficient and has great bedside manners.  The nurses blow all Vegas nurses out of the water.  The lab techs haven't hurt me ever and they are super sweet.  I love everyone that works in this office!
We're back in town for our annual spring training trip.  So of course our first stop for dinner after the game was Draw 10.  \n\nSame as previous years in every way.  Good food, good service, god beer list. Had our usual great time.  See you next year!
Big portions. Fair pricing. Flavourful dishes. Good service (aside from ordering over the phone if the new young server picks up in that case get ready to repeat your address 7 times). Fast delivery (unless the young girl waiter took your order). Will always go there regardless. Highly recommend.
The food is great here. My friend and I just had a dinner of oysters, unfortunately we didn't come during the Happy Hour so it was pretty damn expensive especially with the bottle of prosecco we ordered. But the oysters were lovely. If you have the chance, try the Wellfleet. \n\nThe location is a little tucked away, about a 5 minute walk from Osgoode Station. The decor is nice and warm, tiny bit of hipster pirate. There's only one bathroom for each gender, so you'll have to wait in line if it gets busy. \n\nHowever, I wish I could give the place a 3.5 rating instead of 4. We went on a Saturday at 5pm, so the place wasn't packed. The waiters, while they got our orders right, were not very attentive or particularly friendly, and with one order, it took over 30 minutes to get our food and drinks. \n\nBut I will go back for the oysters, preferably at Happy Hour.
Really cool place.  Wish they had a few more guest beer selections but had a nice IPA while we were there.  Food was good, prices are very fair, service was average.
I brought both of my girls to see Dr. Shultz. From the minute I walked in the door I felt extremely welcome. All of the staff was extremely friendly and so great with my kids. I have never been to such a fantastically nice and great office. Both of them needed fairly extensive work done and Dr. Shultz was great telling them when he was done they would have beautiful princess teeth! I was extremely happy with our experience there and would gladly recommend them to anyone :)
I noticed a lot of people gave this place a bad review because of the service. Its a very busy place and i can see how that can happen, although thats not an excuse, they should hire more\/better staff. \n\ni consider myslef lucky since i didnt have a bad experience and i actually loved my good. I had the chicken Shchnitzel, was cooked just right, not dry at all. and the side dishes were very good as well. \n\none of my friends had the wrong pizza delivered to him and had to wait a very long time for his food to come, but everyone else seemed content. \n\nthe outside area has a very nice view when the weather is nice (which is almost never in Toronto) so again, as a visitor i consider myself lucky since it was a very nice day.\n\nI probably wouldnt go back there just because there are plenty of better options around town.
Best service I've ever had at any fast food joint I've been to... the manager and crew are sooo nice
The other reviews of this Costa are WAY outdated and not accurate anymore. \n\nI found this Costa to be one of the cleanest, nicest, and well-rounded locations that I've been to since arriving in Scotland. The lobby is nice and has the best seating I've seen in a costa -leather seats all over the place AND leather sofas. \n\nThe lobby is clean and the baristas are nice. The customer service was very good during my visit there, with my barista even offering me a glass and ice for a non-Costa drink that I had with me. \n\nThe clientele of this location seemed older and a bit wealthier if I'm honest. I'm not sure if that is truly accurate, but during my visit I saw several nicely-dressed older ladies reading in corners, with older men (who were also dressed nicely) talking business on their mobile phones. \n\nIf I am right, that means this Costa location has to be a cut above some of the other locations that primarily serve local students or young people. I would for sure come back here again if I were in the area. \n\nMy only gripe about this location was that I had trouble connecting to the wifi.
Best pizza in Urbana-Champaign. Love it! You can't get anything as good as this pizza anywhere else. The deep dish is a must.
Fun mom and pop breakfast joint with old-school Mel's Diner charm.  Huge menu.  All of the carb-laden, glucose spiking breakfast goodness that one craves.  Plus lots of preparations of eggs.  And vegetarian items.  And the kind of breakfast stuff that my grandma would make, like chipped beef.  Bottomless refills of coffee.  Good service.  Good sized portions of food, you won't walk away hungry.  Super reasonable prices.  Definitely a keeper.
Found this place in a yelp search a while back.  The wife and I were looking for some deep dish pizza and saw Amore.  We had a great time, the service was excellent and we have been back a couple times (we live in LA so it's not a local joint for us).  I would highly recommend this place.  Be warned, that if you get a deep dish it does take a bit of time to cook (size and all).  But it is SO worth it.
I got stuck in Vegas with a blown head gasket. Pacific Auto was fantastic. They repaired my vehicle quickly and gave us rides to\/from hotel. They were honest and went out of their way to try to finish the repair in less time than they quoted. Price was competitive and didn't increase even though they found the job to be harder than they anticipated. I'd go back to them first next time.
Always the best options!!!!! I get the louisiana chicken pasta every time!!!! I've only tried a couple other plates but this one is always my number one choose! I recommend it to any pasta lover!  Yuummmmmmm!!!!!
We decided to try hash house a go go after reading several positive yelp reviews.\n\nWe were a little put off when we got to the Imperial Palace location at approximately 1 pm.  The line\/wait was insane and the crowd was already extra loud and extra drunk.  Blame it on Sunday afternoon football I guess. \n\nI called The Plaza location and was kindly informed that there was no wait at the moment. We made way over and were seated immediately.  Our server was awesome and attentive and the food was delicious!  My husband ordered the chicken and waffles along with a side of biscuits and gravy, and I ordered the infamous Andys sage fried chicken w\/spinach and chipotle cream.  EVERYTHING WAS SO GOOD!!\n\nI accidentally ordered the wrong Andys dish and I offered to take it to-go while I ordered the correct dish, but the gentleman who brought my food over said not to worry about it and got the right dish out to me in no time.  It was extremely nice of them considering I was the one who made the mistake.\n\nService was a little slow towards the end but not enough to make me think anything less of the place.  We enjoyed our dining experience there and definitely look forward to going back!
Their sushis are the best in Madison and trust me I've been to every sushi place there is in Madison. On top of their amazing sushis, their chicken lettuce wrap and crab cake are great as well. \nThe only reason I'm giving them a 4 stars instead of a 5 is that it is a little expensive. I've been here for like 10 times (with my girlfriend) and I had to spend at least 75 bucks each times (I eat a lot). \nAnyways this is a great place to have a date at or just hanging out with friends.
We went and got take-out last fri night. Prices are comparable to other bbq places. They said their "style" is Arizona and also do South Carolina sauces.  \nThe pulled pork sandwich is pretty good and a good size, the ribs are decent...if we had just gotten those it would be more toward maybe 4 but a solid 3.5 at the very least.  I got brisket.  The bottom of my box was left very oily while the meat was super dry.  \nAnother thing that knocked them was the fact that the counter girl couldn't tell me anything about anything on the menu or their style of bbq. Doubt I will give them another try since we have the awesome TX style place down the street from us.
Awesome and quick service! Delicious pizza, subs and salads. The perfect order in for a late study night and very helpful staff :) they deliver to the place!
Awesome show!! I love MJ and was so super excited when my bf surprised me with tickets because I've been wanting to go forever. We had 3rd row seats which was awesome!! This show had much more dancing than other Cirque shows I've seen, but still the dancers were incredible. There is even a dude with one leg who danced better than I ever could! I was really in awe watching him perform and thought it was so cool that he was able to partake in the show. He even had a solo act! \n\nAll of the costumes were on point. Besides the dancers, the ticket checkers and the ushers all were dressed like MJ which really added to the feel of the show. They played a lot of Michael's biggest hits, and some lesser known songs as well. My favorite part was The Man In The Mirror performance; they had a hologrammed Michael on stage so it looked like he was really up there dancing with the crew. I also really liked the Thriller scene. \n\nThe only reason I gave it 4 stars was because I didnt care for the storyline. It seemed unnecessary. I would have enjoyed the show without it, because I had a hard time following it. I've seen a few different Cirque shows and while this one wasn't as Cirque-y (is that a word?) as others, I liked this one the best.
Awesome happy hour prices and everything fried you can imagine. Except animal testicles, they don't have those. :(
Now they are using a hand held drill to buff toenails during their pedi instead of just a quick file.  I can definitely see grow out difference on my nail bed.  Not good.
Came on my birthday with my boyfriend on a Saturday night and recently found out that they had just started to do dinner service on the weekends in 2016. The place is small--can sit roughly 18\/20 people inside the restaurant, so it may seem cramped or overwhelming having to share close corners with other diners. \n\nWe started out with the Cured Meat sharing platter (not shown on the menu online, however, suggested by the waitress) We enjoyed the platter but noticed the other diners having the similar sharing platter but with cured meats. It wasn't until we were finished that the meats were missing so the waitress was able to take a deduction off our bill. (Note to self: remember the cured meats! They looked delicious) We also shared the prosciutto pizza and it was like a bite from Italy. Although my boyfriend and I are not cultured in terms of Italian food, the waitress was patient enough to help explain the menu and help with the confusion. A big plus was how affordable and inexpensive the meal overall was!  \n\nThe food alone was good but the service is what really makes this place worth it. Right when you walk in, you're greeted by the waitress and the chef. They take your jackets and make sure you feel welcomed. This night in particular, the oven apparently broke down so it took over an hour for the food (the prosciutto pizza to be specific) to come. My boyfriend and I were in no rush so we didn't seem to notice how long the wait was until the waitress kept apologizing to us--offering us an extra drink and sides (such as mini meatballs) on the house. Even the chef came up to us to apologize for the wait. Typically, waiting that long for a pizza we would've gone up and left, however, the service and friendly manner they gave us made us stay and wait. \n\nAfter our food arrived and we were about to get the bill, the waitress offered us a complimentary espresso and a slice of tiramisu. You can't control what happens to the equipment of the kitchen, but you can control the service you give to your patrons. So the service is well worth the visit!
Excellent performers! Fun show! Hot Aussie men! And to top it all, they're LGBTQ friendly. Highly recommended if you guys visit Las Vegas! Worth to watch the show! They're very nice!
I must say this place was hella cool. The food was so authentic and well made. I could taste flavors of the region and that is how you learn about different cultures. Their noodles were perfect. I appreciated their style and service. Fast, delicious and original.
Man, they need more of these all over the place.  When I lived in San Diego, the closest was about an hour and a half away.  Now that I live in San Jose, the closest is an hour and a half away!  Thank God my parents live in Las Vegas now.  Everytime I go to visit, I try and make a stop over here.  Their menu is like no other fast food joint.  It's kind of like Jack In The Box, but better.  And their drinks, wow, what a selection!  My favorite is this orange drink that tastes exactly like a 50\/50 bar.  Now, that's good stuff!
Food was great, beer tasty and fresh, service a bit lacking, seating cramped, parking sucks.\n\nThis all on a busy Tuesday night. I know, right? Tuesday? Oh, but it WAS Taco Tuesday and it was a great place for a UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event), meeting new friends, trying new food and drinking fresh brew from the only brewery in Chandler. Score, thanks Joe, for putting that together!\n\nI ordered the two tacos on the menu that night, pulled pork and chicken something, and both were very tasty. The fries stole the show though, and if ya get the flying pig fries you might not want to share, but you will! (see my tip)\n\nI was really in the mood for whiskey, but don't even think about it, they brew beer, and that's what you're stuck with! So when in Rome...I got the flight. Cool deal, too, because ya get to pick which 5 (see my pic of my picks).\n\nMy favorite, I think, was any of the pale ales. Hoppyness abounds, and very flavorful! I also liked the coffee infused ale, not sure the name for I saved it for last and lost my menu list...oh well. I do remember the Woosley Wit...not a fan! Tried to be fruity, but, ehh, no. \n\nCan't wait to go back and get some more o them thar fries and sample more beers. They rotate, and I like trying new things. (see my profile tagline).
I would like to recommend Kiwi for carpet cleaning. Excellent service, work, and follow up.
I enjoyed clicking the "accepts credit cards" button on this review. They DO accept credit cards.\n\nDuring negotiations for a new car sale, the salesman asked for my credit card to show the manager I was "ready to buy". After unsuccessful negotiations, I eventually left (and bought a car from Tempe Honda shortly thereafter with a much easier transaction), I neglected to ensure I had gotten my credit card back from the salesman.\n\nI hope he enjoyed his trip to Whataburger and QuickTrip that day. It's on me, buddy!
This place a great burgers and their house made fried cheese curds were amazing. My only problem was that they forgot to put bacon on my friends chicken wrap. The server did go to the kitchen and get us a big handful after we told him, but the kitchen should not have made a mistake like that. Not when you're paying over $10 for a sandwich. \n\nI will still go back and give them another chance. Please just don't forget something next time.
They pressured me repeatedly to get Invisalign, despite the fact that I clearly said I was not interested the first time. They also gave me a fluoride treatment without informing me beforehand (not covered by my insurance) and, like some of the other reviewers, told me I had two cavities when I had never had any before in my life. Don't trust this place.
Our first visit will not be our last! The food is great the service is great and the founder Brian came and made our experience all the better. We will be back and we will be stopping in at their Myrtle beach, Jacksonville, Wilmington locations and all other 19  locations.
Good thing I did my homework and knew about this hidden gem. And when I say hidden, it's actually hidden. No signs. Not even noted on the floor guide. I guess they weren't kidding when they named it Secret Pizza.\n\nWhen I found Secret Pizza on yelp, I bookmarked this restaurant. Suggested my girlfriends to go here during our vegas trip. We decide to go on Saturday night before marquee so we went around 8:30 pm. Got to first floor of Cosmopolitan and looked at the floor guide by the escalator. Looked for "Secret Pizza" but nothing. Scanned the board again and didn't see a word of pizza. I got slightly scared that maybe I had the wrong hotel in mind and asked the hotel employee and he joked that it's a secret pizza so it's a secret and he can't share the location. O_O I was one step before panicking and he told me it's on the third floor. phew.\n\nSecret pizza is tucked away behind walls. Can only get to it if you walk into a narrow hallway next to some restaurant. No signs or anything what-so-ever so keep an eye out for a narrow hallway that makes you question where it is leading to! Barely any line at 8:30 pm. Too bad I was already too full from all the beer I drank but still took few bite of the pizza. Like everyone says, it's thin crust pizza with mountains of cheesy goodness. Sure, the pizza might turn out a bit greasy cuz of all the cheese but don't be shy. Just blot it with some napkin and brace yourself for some nice NY-style pizza. :D\n\nPS. Their white pizza is the best. Treat yourself and indulge in the greasy goodness!
Second time here... We always end up getting the Butchers Block Special (feeds 2 people). Tas the Awesome bartender took care of us, and had a chance to meet and converse with one of the chef's, Hansel. Amazing food,  delicious drinks and yummy dessert!!
Wonderpho...ahh haa, I get it...\n\nIf this restaurant fails, it's the complete fault of the owner. Why the hell would anyone open a Vietnamese noodle eatery here? The business solely depends on the few urban sprawl offices and one business building at the corner. Did I just answer my own question?\n\nCleanest Pho restaurant in Toronto (front of house anyway), it better be because the place looked like a section of Sunnybrook Hospital. It's got hospital colours, and even tin pottery. They totally sell those at Sunnybrook. \nSo we got bamboo, vases. This feel more like a gift shop than a restaurant. It does have a patio, but who eats pho on a patio?\n\nYou know that zesty flavour in the soup? Well, the pho here has too much of that. Tastes unnatural, tastes like packaged spices rather than fresh ones. Either that or too much MSG. I can definitely taste the taste of cutting corners.\nThe lemongrass chicken breast wasn't outstanding either, not tender enough. I think it was called the Chicken Com. Frozen meat that's been in the freezer for too long, not enough flavour, that's what it tasted like.\nI would like to see the chef and inspect the kitchen. But really I don't.\n\nThe waitresses here are quite nice, one of them has a blonde streak at the ponytail. Not that's it's important, or any way relevant, but it's what I've noticed so I thought I write this down.\nI'm so bored, and there's nothing to do here. The place was nearly empty, and the food here isn't fresh. The plate of sprouts was old, and they only gave me one plate, despite that there were two of us and we both ordered pho. You kidding me? It's bean sprouts! Should we share napkins too?\nI did notice that they had a bunch of selection in the pho area, different kinds of soup base with different noodles. Perhaps this was their selling point. I'm still bored. \nI'm being hard on this place because the borderline theme-park of a restaurant is just around the corner (Dragon Pearl). This place needs to offer some kind of niche.\n\nI just can't imagine why I would want to come back here.\nSpend some time in getting fresh ingredients, not so much time in coming up with the clever name.\n\nOh, and I ordered the apple juice. \nIt was from concentrate....
I recently had a thread asking Milwaukee yelpers for a local yummy bagel place where they put the cream cheese on the bagel for you.  Bagels does that and so much more.  I had my first bagel this morning and it was so delicious.  Absolutely perfect.  I wanted to savor the moment forever.  Chewy bagel.  Perfect amount of cream cheese.  Warm and toasty.  Super cheap too.  Pure bagel heaven.
I'm going to go right out and say it.  Tim Horton's is 1000000X better than Dunkin' Donuts.  Do what you will with that tidbit, but it's the truth. \n\nThis specific Tim Horton's was the best.  First of all, it's open 24\/7.  And since Joe and I did not get to the hotel until 1:00 AM this was a godsend!!! Never mind I was eating the worst thing ever but it was damn tasty and it definitely hit the spot, especially with the hell we went through.\n\nFor some reason Tim Horton's (at least in Toronto) does NOT have iced coffee.  ::Brakes slamming:: What?! I don't understand it.  And what I didn't understand even more was that most of the Torontonians that I saw were all drinking HOT COFFEE (ok, I know this is Toronto, but we managed to go during a terrible heat wave, so it boggled my mind even more).  They have these iced Cappachino things, that are basically like DD's Coffee Coolatas, and I really wasn't a fan of them (they were however, cheaper that DD's version).  Probably won't be getting those again.  \n\nNow if only they went with iced coffee, they might get that last star....
Just went here with my mom for breakfast. I got the stacks French toast. Holy cow it's good! Got an order of hashbrowns on the side. The lady asked me if I wanted them crispy. Hell no! I was so glad she asked. Service was fine and we didn't get attitude from anyone. To be fair we went at 10:45 am on a Thursday. I don't get to this side of the country often but I intend to come back here.
My wife and I frequented the Thai House in Charlotte when we lived there. We finally tried the Thai House here in Cornelius and we're pleasantly surprised as to the excellent food and service. The seafood dishes were excellent!!
I checked in to Circus Circus at 1am this morning and was assigned to room 11746. I was awakened due to itching and it felt as if something biting me.
I wanted to go somewhere far, but not too far, because of some craziness I was going through in life and found this amazing spot on the east side of Vegas. This park is known as the secret park of Clark County and is the perfect place for a quick getaway. \n\nWalking trail is about an hour long. You can't see the strip or other buildings. Walking on their trail was calming. All you hear are birds chirping and rabbits running through the bushes. \n\nWhat's even better is that you can experience all of this for free. I didn't want to write a review about this place because it's a perfect getaway but for people who needs a quick break or looking to meditate, this is the perfect spot. Walk, breathe, relax. We all need it once in a while.
We love this place!  We had our wedding rehearsal dinner here some 28 years ago and are so glad it's still here. We drive about 10 miles here every time we want Chinese food.  My wife always gets Mongolian beef and I usually get the garlic shrimp.  The Hunan shrimp & scallops are very good too.  The waitress here is as fun as they come!
Came here a lot for some food items, household items, etc. I really like that everything in the store is really $1. Unfortunately, its often very busy and check-out lines are long.
One of the best macaron places I've been to in Toronto, and I've been to the better known ones like Nadege, Butter Avenue, and Bobbette & Belle. My foodie friends introduced me to Petit Nuage and I was very surprised by the moment I saw it. It's a tiny little shop operating out of a transformed cargo container and can't fit more than 3 or 4 people at once. The decor is adorable as are the macaron boxes.\n\nThe size of the macarons is quite substantial. I split a half dozen box with two friends. It cost about $14 total. I tried the Nimbus and HK Style Milk Tea flavours and both were delicious. The Nimbus one was very light and fluffy and the HK Milk Tea one tasted exactly like HK milk tea, down to the tea flavour and creaminess that I love. The only downside was that the HK Milk Tea macaron was hard when I had it, but I suspect that had to do with the fact that I was out in the cold for a long time so it possibly froze\/hardened. None of the other ones that my friends had had any problems. 10\/10 would go back and try the other flavours.
The medical staff are awesome, the nurse practitioner Su, is a delight. However, the front desk staff are extremely rude, I work in a very busy office servicing the public and I cant imagine treating people this way and keeping my job. I am not a patient, my husband is. The wait to see someone is hours long....Robert Bloomberg might be a great doctor, but his staff sucks.
Looking for a place to get a drink and food near the Hyatt; came across this place. Beet salad, beers and serves all top notch. Looking forward to ordering up more menu items and drinks more beers from their selection (which rolls deep). Music selection was right up my ally and I dug the vibe. Coming back.
First timers, the food was amazing, our server Amber was kind and attentive, my girlfriend and i loved the bread, the rib appetizers and the pulled pork main course was magnificent. We'll definitely be back soon to our new BBQ place
It's the nicest W I've stayed in.  Had a fantastic 2 night stay.  Clean lines, cool vibe, good energy and a contemporary feel.  And the staff was extremely welcoming and friendly, especially the W Insider who set me up with great places to go and things to do around town.  Also, the hotel is conveniently located right by a Metro stop and just a few minutes walk from Old Montreal
We went here recently for a friends birthday.\n\nThey had rented a cabana, so we didnt have to fight w\/ the crowd  or to get a table which was nice. The cabana was spacious and relatively cool because of the misters. Our waitress was surprisingly attentive, yet unenthusiastic. She kept forgetting our DDs drinks. And the drinks were average.\n\nThe only real complaint we had is that they kept turning of the misters to the cabanas making it unbearably hot. The misters stayed on the rest of the patio, just not the area where people paid extra to sit, which just seemed wrong to me.
Menu says Crap Puffs...that should have been my first clue.  Egg flour soup looked like snot.  Lemon chkn = grilled chkn pieces with goo!\n\nThere were three of us and two of us were served together.  When we finally decided that they had completely forgotten one meal and got up to leave (as we all shared the two meals and were finished eating) they brought the third meal!
***3.5 stars****\n\nWent for dinner last weekend at Bulgogi Brothers, no wait to be seated which was a surprise since it was Saturday night. Place is pretty spacious (where Melting pot used to be) and decor is modern.  We were in the booths which were ideal size to sit comfortable for 5-6 people.  \n\nPortions are okay and pricing is on the higher end but you pay for what you get.  The meat quality is very good.  What set this place apart is the service!! The server came to cook our meat and served to each person on the table.  \n\nWhat we ordered:\n\nB9. Noon Kkotdeungsim Modeum Gui  $58.99\nR1. Chadol Daenjang-jjigae  $10.99\nR9. Dolsot Bulgogi Bibimbab $10.99\nSeafood pancake (which was on a different hidden menu you have to ask for). $14.99\n\nEverything we ordered was good except for the seafood pancake which was tasteless.  I had to add my own salt to it.  I should've known it wasn't good when I saw the table beside us only ate 1\/4 of it and didn't even want to pack it to go when they left.\n\nAt first they only gave us the corn and Edamme beans Banchens. We had to ask the  server if there was any other different type. She said No!! but after 5 mins she came back with 8 different types.  So I was kinda confused why she said No to us.  \n\nI am not sure but we were extremely thirsty after eating here so it seems like they use a lot of MSG more so than other places.  Other than that this place would've gotten 4 stars from me.\n\n\nRating:\n\nService: 5\/5\nFood Quality: 4\/5\nComfort 5\/5\nDecor  5\/5\nValue: 3\/5\nParking: 3\/5
Be aware it is at your own risk! I went through this car wash and sustained damages to the driver side mirror on my truck. One of the attendants looked over the damaged mirror and said they are denying the claim because of previous damages. I asked what "previous damages" was he referring too? There are scratches that were there before you went through to car wash, he said. I asked the great detective how scratches from a camping trip three 3 years ago was the reason your machine damaged my mirror? I did not get a reply, just referred me to the corporate office. At this point, its pretty obvious they are looking for any reason to get out of their responsibility. After faxing a claim, leaving 2 voice mails I finally got a call back from a manager well over a week later. He said that they wash thousands of cars a week and have no incidents so there is no way their machines caused said damages. Its probably due to my truck being a 2003 and has old worn out parts ready to break. But since customer service is so very important to him he will give me a $50 credit to Autozone toward a replacement. The cheapest I have found the mirror for is $350. So know that going through this car is at your own risk. It most certainly cost me way more than $3
I love this place soooo much. I drive out of the way about once a week to eat here and can't wait for the location at downtown summerlin to be opened! My favourite dishes are the spicy Latina soup (I get it with no toppings because I find them a little sweet) and the fried chicken salad.
The selection at the Pineville NC REI store is almost unending, something for every sport and lots of hiking gear ( which we love ). The staff is very friendly and helpful, no pressure to buy. Relaxed atmosphere. We like that the REI points never expire and can be used at any time, any year. We have used them to buy lots of our hiking jackets and boots. The selection of tents is almost addictive, I have four from there now, who needs that many? : ) My wife often asks....and I smile, me. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is the location seems hectic at times being so close to the mall, wish it were off-site of the mall, but for some this may be a plus.
Integrity glass was amazing! My front windshield was broken and then came to my home the next day after calling and fixed it. They did an amazing job and were so helpful and nice! I really appreciate the work they did and how easy they made it for me!
Just for reference, I don't write 5 star reviews unless they're very well deserved.  But this place consistently rates high with us.  This was out third visit.  We recently visited Egg & I for breakfast with a group of six.  We arrived about 10:30 in the morning.  There was a considerable waiting line.  However, the hostess was very sweet and efficient. The estimated 20 minutes wait was actually more like 10 minutes.  Our waitress (sadly I didn't get her name) was incredible, attentive without being overbearing, quick and efficient.  Once our orders were taken, the food arrived fairly quickly, no mistakes or wrong items.  We pretty much all ordered something different.  I had the house made (not canned) corn beef hash and eggs.  Excellent.  Can't remember what everybody had but all raved about their food.\nAvoid the strip with it's lines and cheesy buffets and overpriced breakfasts and check this place out.  Just a short drive from the strip.  Mostly locals and a few visitors.  A gem!
My friends and I went to Lolo's for the first time and I fell in love with it! The server was very friendly, the food came out quickly and it was delicious! I got the "Betty Boob", which was the chicken breast and waffles...amazing! \n\nMy favorite part was the atmosphere. It was comfortable and family friendly. The tables were a little close together but that seemed to lend itself to a sort of togetherness with the other diners that I wouldn't have thought that I would enjoy but I did. There was a lot of chatter and laughing in the dining area but how could that possibly be a bad thing? I'll definitely be back.
Awesome Pho, Egg rolls & service'
Award winning staff and very competitive rates. \n\nI switched from Progressive as my rates were much lower with JH Insurance Agency. Plus, its through Farmers! A very reputable insurance company. \n\nWhen I went in to sign my paper work, everyone was very friendly and inviting. They were also very helpful and clearly went through every question I had making sure that I no stone went unturned!\n\nAfter doing some internet research, they have been awarded for customer service a few years in a row and it shows!\n\nI highly recommend this agency if you are looking for the best rates with the peace of mind that is associated with Farmers!
I ordered bun Bo hue remembering from a year ago how tasty it was. Boy, thing has changed for the worst. Their bun Bo hue was so bland, their broth tasted like it was run-down and the meat was stale furthermore, it was not the correct meat combination  a bun bo hue should have. To sum it up, it tasted nothing like Bun Bo hue. I was very disappointed. However, their service was a four star.
Sehr gut besuchtes Restaurant mit einer guten Auswahl. Etwas laut war es dadurch.
Stopped in for my post-workout bowl of Chili and pitcher of beer and was IMPRESSED! Didn't want fancy- I was in my gym clothes. If you love a dark dive with really good food and prices this place is for you... The cook was visible and very friendly as well and the bartender was cool. The ladies was acceptable. The only thing missing was a smoking patio. I'll be back!
I wish there were more vegan places like Green Owl in Madison. This is Madison for goodness sake, why don't we? I'm not talking about salad bars, but hearty vegan food. \n\nWe started with the buffalo wings which were like chicken nuggets in buffalo sauce. They didn't seem home-made but they were meaty and chewy. A little too chewy but I've never tried faux chicken nuggets before so I'm not sure how they'd compare to other brands. \n\nMy friend ordered the peanut noodle dish with tempeh. It was good but you could get that anywhere. \n\nThe star of the dinner was my cheese quesadilla with jackfruit. Green Owl has eggs and real cheese on the menu that they will change for tofu or vegan cheese. I substituted real cheese for vegan Daiya cheese. If you're a vegan that misses real bbq pulled pork with cheese, please get this. It tasted so real. \n\nThe servings were all generous and the prices were extremely reasonable, comparable to getting the food at any other restaurant. I'll be sure to go back and get other things like their vegan meatloaf.
Glad we came to this just opened BBQ spot! There was plenty of meat on the ribs and the pulled pork carolina sandwich was good too. The cashier recommended the bbq beans and I'm glad she did bc they were really good. Will be back to try more..
Modern place with nice outside seating. Very good sushi and strong cocktails! Friendly service.
If you thought Jabba the Hutt was cute, you'll love this castle.(http:\/\/www.google.com\/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=jabba%20the%20hutt%20&source=web&cd=1&ved=0CDEQFjAA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FJabba_the_Hutt&ei=eoR9UfPSEej5igK8r4GwCw&usg=AFQjCNGD4ZiwivtPoGz74u5bi7KRcpibUA&sig2=hgptCUgTKUSYrpd-blowGw&bvm=bv.45645796,d.cGE)\nIt's big and ugly and squats like a fattened toad on a hill. I imagine only a Highlander would love the looks (picturing a blue-faced, adrenaline-fueled Mel Gibson as William Wallace).\n\nIt is the very antithesis of Germany's Neushwantstein (http:\/\/www.google.com\/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=neu%20shwantstein&source=web&cd=2&ved=0CD4QFjAB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FNeuschwanstein_Castle&ei=lZd8UaDiA-aniALDoICwBQ&usg=AFQjCNE9ywT1MNwjBMZDhX6rCxzjykpPRA&sig2=PWYj6cNmR-WHerxEQVKTOg&bvm=bv.45645796,d.cGE). If Walt Disney conjured a world of beautiful damsels dangling long, golden hair from ivory-white towers ala Neushwanstein, he'd make Edinburgh Castle the home of the Orcs. There is nothing pretty about it. It's truly formidable. It was made to intimidate and that it does. It's muy macho. It even has a big ole cannon down there with these huge  balls that they whip out now and then, a cannon so big... so big ... that it sank into the road before it could get to the battle. It even has a name, the Mons Meg (http:\/\/www.google.com\/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=scottish%20cannon&source=web&cd=1&ved=0CDAQFjAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FMons_Meg&ei=awSEUfOKNaa7igLIy4C4BA&usg=AFQjCNFrKxnPvFMFtPdZrWwoxYxFJRKJSQ&sig2=s0i1sGATtQrKvMmehe_bpw&bvm=bv.45960087,d.cGE). Oh well, it was a gift anyway, easy come-easy go.\n\nIf you're in Edinburgh, you'll go see it, admire the views, envision English or Nordic invaders storming the walls, maybe catch the "Tattoo" http:\/\/www.google.com\/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=the%20military%20tattoo&source=web&cd=3&ved=0CEUQFjAC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FRoyal_Edinburgh_Military_Tattoo&ei=UAKEUfG7H4fYigKp1IGgAQ&usg=AFQjCNGVEJvFbP2WzSIoH9-P-0Ukko86zA&sig2=oZ8e9aUh3_3C1NrTW2jyNw&bvm=bv.45960087,d.cGE\n\nAnd just like their friends down south, they keep their Crown Jewels (their "Honours") buried behind bigass rock walls. Only these jewels are meh compared to the English. (I can't believe I used "meh" describing someone's crown jewels). I'm not meaning to demean these scepters and crowns and stuff, they are just less eye-popping than those in London. http:\/\/www.google.com\/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=scottish%20honours&source=web&cd=3&ved=0CEYQFjAC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.royal-mile.com%2Fcastle%2Fcastle-crownjewels.html&ei=mwKEUZvPCcjxiQKqm4HYBw&usg=AFQjCNFBKfAOZgBDOPyU6-0jRUCDoBL4PQ&sig2=gfNON3lz37S2WH0KhkRVmw&bvm=bv.45960087,d.cGE\n\nWe took the obligatory photos and walked the Royal Mile, Edinburgh's Rodeo Drive  http:\/\/www.google.com\/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=royal%20mile&source=web&cd=2&ved=0CD0QFjAB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edinburgh-royalmile.com%2F&ei=LwCDUfXXMqLoigKI04CYCA&usg=AFQjCNFXSVxQzZMxfguHQuWDVfUaTOiTIA&sig2=zhpuSJfUxKmGfmp64hq0KQ&bvm=bv.45960087,d.cGE. \nwhere we shopped a bit, bought some tartan cloth for a skirt, a silver thistle brooch for me mum (I mean "my mom", sorry) and headed out for some pub fare and a wee dram or two.  \n\n(Another review will describe the Tower of London (https:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Crown_Jewels_of_the_United_Kingdom). This is where the Beefeater guard pointed his spear-thingie at me and told me to step away from the display. I felt so dirty, ha ha.
Imagine a Costco that dedicate to food and food only...\n\nThat's what Chef's Depot is about. \n\nI dropped by during their soft opening (Grand Opening October 7) and as expected a lot of the shelves were empty. There are though some nonperishable good and frozen food available for purchase.\n\nThis place is huge and Seafood department looks really promising. \n\nThere is also a sit down eat in area, serving $2 breakfast and $3 lunch?! And Sakana-Ya, a Japanese Seafood and Fish Market that used to be in J-Town also relocated inside Chef's Depot. Sashimi anyone?\n\nThe downside is most items are by bulk and membership of $25\/year for the shopping privileges. But now they are offering a free first year  trial membership.\n\nI will be back again and check out what they have.. maybe some foie gras? Never know I might get inspired and cook more!
This was my 3rd time to Caffe Boa, every time I have been happy with the food and service. My husband and I love that they have a lot of Croatian wines and some Slavic inspired food. This time I got the Gnocchi Fricassee and it was DELICIOUS!!!  My husband got the Fuži and he enjoyed it. The table got the Plavac Mali wine and everyone loved it! I will be back again, and highly recommend Caffe Boa!
I stayed here for one night with my fiancé. Over all the casino was better than average. The layout reminds me of Buffalo Bills down the 15. The have your standard games plus casino war which you find everywhere. The room was nice and clean and a nice size. We upgraded to a Madison avenue room for $15. With that said,it seems like Vegas is changing. I know its town about money but it's getting ridiculous. The food is amusement park prices charging to park even if you stay at the hotel. Will they start charging for drinks next? I went to a casino off the strip and it was like a breath of fresh air and it felt like the wanted my business.
I'd like to give this place 3.5 stars. It is an experience, for sure. Excellent kimchi and the steamed egg dish was awesome! Unfortunately, they charge $3 for a refill, unlike the other free side dishes (which are refilled free). We asked the waiter for a recommendation, and followed it. I wish I had listened to other yelp reviews instead. At $22, the short rib barbecue is  definitely not worth ordering. The flavor was amazing but it was tough and sinewy. If we lived closer I would go back and try other things on the menu, but it isn't good enough to travel to eat here.
My bf and I really enjoyed this restaurant. The food tasted great, and given that it is vegas, the prices were actually very reasonable. I had some octopus in marinara sauce, it was soooo good, even my picky bf who normally doesn't eat octopus is a fan! The dessert was divine.\n\nThe drinks were expensive. A regular martini, which is not on their fancy ipad menu, turned out costing more than the featured drinks! We felt tricked...
Hands down best Donut Shop I've been to! Great flavors and love that the sweetness factor is just right! Definitely try the Macadamia & Coconut donut, and Peanut Butter & Jelly! The beverages are also good. If you're in the Vegas area, definitely make this a pit stop. Worth it!
I order their popcorn chicken and bbt. But the popcorn chicken is very bad and so slow. When I finished my bbt , the chicken is still not ready!!  When I want to ask the staff ,I saw my chicken, it is no fresh!! Don't think I will come again!!!
If you want to swim in a pool, wake up without a kink in your neck and have easy access to your room while in Las Vegas, do not stay at the Tuscany Hotel on Flamingo. Our key cards never worked properly. Anytime we wanted to enter the building we had to go to the front desk to have the keys reactivated and even then, they never worked on the first try. \n\nThe pillows that are intended for guests to use for sleeping are so full and overstuffed that my husband and I both woke up with stiff necks. I suggest bringing your own pillow. \n\nThe weekend we were in Vegas happened to have record breaking temperatures and what do you know, the pool is out of order. I understand that these things happen unfortunately, however, a resort fee compensation of $23 doesn't make up for the fact that my children couldn't use the pool on the 114 degree day. When I asked for a deck of cards so we could play war with our children since we couldn't swim, the response was, "we have them in the gift shop". WOW! Maybe eat the cost of a $5 deck to make your guests happy. That is not what the Tuscany resort is known for I guess. I asked her for a voucher to get a dessert in the restaurant to kill the time since we couldn't swim or play cards and she said I could only have one form of compensation, so which would I prefer. Wow, again. They clearly aren't out to make return guests out of people. \n\nIt's unfortunate that we had this experience because we've stayed here before, which was pleasant. Sorry Tuscany, and we won't be returning and I will be happy to share our experience with everyone I know.
Before leaving Las Vegas, I bought a few chocolates from this place in the Wynn Esplanade to try back at home.  White chocolate with fruit and nuts, hazelnut praline wrapped in dark chocolate, dark chocolate disks the size of my palm...and one word to describe my reaction:  YUM!  Now this is a reason to go back to Vegas!
My friends and I went down to watch the UFC and grab some food. We had the Nachos, Wings, and Burgers. Best tasting was the cracked peppercorn burger. \n\nOn the plus side...Service was friendly . \n\nToo bad the food was so mediocre. I really think they could bump it up a notch or maybe they are forced to follow a corporate menu.\n\nLots of TV though to watch the fights.
Well what can I say about this place.... Its not that bad. But not worth going again...\n\nThe food was alright but the service could be a lot better... At most kbbq joints, I never had to ask for a bowl of rice to go with the meat I cook. They did not replace the grill until we had to pull someone aside (which is hard to do) just to do it. Whenever my husband wanted to ask for something they walk by as if there were no hands raised over anything. Now I'm not going to pull out no race card (even though we were the only *cough* *black* people there in the entire restaurant) but everyone else seemed to have been taken care of more than we were. (Sigh) it doesn't matter... I won't dwell on that.\n\nOverall, the food was good but it wasn't ALL THAT. Soju and beer was great! I would prefer to spend my money elsewhere for Kbbq... Or I wouldn't mind going again if they would have better service....
We booked for 2 adults and 1 child and ended up with one queen bed.  Not too bad except small rooms so a bit claustrobic at times.  Had to keep asking for a third set of towels and also for toilet paper as there was only the one roll on the wall. Not enough for 3 people for 3 night stay.  the worst thing was at night when my legs were super itchy.  Woke up and saw 3 fleas popping about on the window sill.  Hard to kill but washed down the sink.  Thought maybe that was it but then bitten again on the third night and saw more on windowsill.  Are you kidding?  I have not brought my luggage into the house yet because I'm afraid I will infest my home.  Paying for WiFi is ridiculous and it's pay PER device.  Would not recommend as it all seems a big crapshoot.
My girlfriend and I were going to Famous Daves across the way and decided to try this place out for the first time. And I have to say it was the best decisions of our lives to do so. We had a family platter sharing plate. It was decently priced and a lot of food. The meats were all so perfect ! And the staff was super friendly. One of the cooks came from around the back to welcome us in on our first time there. Most definitely will be checking his place out again
I'm a Happy owner of a 2017 sonata due to Shane Williams I love working with this guy. He got me my first car  that I purchased from abc which was a accent and now he has gotten me in my second car and I'm pleased. I will refer and friends and family members to him he defiantly got the job handled and made it easy for me.
The food was off the charts delicious. The Beef Cheek Pierogi's WOW, Oysters WOW, Scallops melting like butter in your mouth so perfectly cooked WOW, and the Lamb very tasty cooked to perfection. The topper and must have Basil ice cream! Five star experience!
This is an up and coming bar. Hopefully they will continue to have the clientele they are centered around. We loved the bartenders as they seemed very knowledgeable and down to earth. Mixed drinks good and centered around Bourbon and whiskey which was different. Location nice, upstairs of course :) but looks down a Gelato shop which was different. A good place to have a fancy drink after dinner. And they don't only have ginger beer drinks :) we will be back!!
The burgers are great but you guys should provide shade  or something to your poor employees standing outside in FULL SUN in 97 degree AZ weather.  I've seen some of these guys standing out there for a while...it's a bit inhumane in my opinion. Shame on the mgrs they should have to stand out there with no cover to see how they like it :(
My absolute favorite place for happy hour!  Bartender Helen is the best!  She has always taken great care of us.  Doesn't matter if its just my husband and me or a group of friends!  Sushi is great as well!
Came in to replace my brake pads and rotors and finished off with tire rotation and brake fluid top off. Chris at the front desk was more than helpful with our problems and needs. I def recommend this place for quality of service they provided me with!
This place is incredibly addicting! My favorite flavor is Muddle: chocolate ice cream with caramel and Oreos, it's life-changing!\n\nUnfortunately they ran out one night but let me know they could make a suitable replacement by adding caramel to the chocolate and Oreo ice cream. Sounds great in theory, but my server added a peanut butter sauce instead... thank goodness I'm not allergic to peanut butter, but I don't like the taste at all and it tainted the rest of the ice cream. :(\n\nBut clearly I've put that night behind me and continue to frequent the creamery, it's addicting! I just make sure to keep the delicious ice cream topping-less, it doesn't need any additions.
I went here this morning to pick up some coffee and bagels for my family and I. They were very helpful and courteous. There was a confusion on my order but it was my fault. It was easily fixed and I really appreciated the excellent customer service. Everything was neatly packaged and cups, utensils were in the bag without me asking. \n\nI went around 8am and the place was packed so that should say something! I'm a Starbucks snob but I'll definitely reconsider my coffee choices!
Incredible food! Since we moved to Stuttgart one of our favorite foods has been the maultaschen. We were checking out stores in the town and decided to stop in for lunch. My husband and I split the curry Maultaschen and the Classic. Both were incredible. The classic is a maultaschen on a roll, with onions and bacon - yum! We will definitely be back and next time we are trying to the potato salad! Just note there isn't the widest drink selection because the place is small. Also, there is not a ton of seating so if you want to eat there (instead of taking it to go) I would suggest checking it out before\/after lunch rush.
Made it to this  place today with my family, service was good but the food was really bad won't go there again
I can't recommend their service highly enough.  It was easy to speak with someone who understood my issue, and to schedule a service when I needed them to come by.  Rich, my technician, was excellent.  Very friendly and professional and did a good job diagnosing the issue.  Even though it required a return visit, he owned my issue and came back to complete the repair\/install himself.  Many thanks!
Well when everything else is closed at 4AM and Mandalay Bay room service wait time is 2 hours, there's nothing left but Subway and Citizens.  Service was really nice but the food was okay.  Chicken noodle soup was not pleasing to my easily pleased, drunk tastebuds.  Nachos were good but when is nachos never good?  \n\nOh and another thing, we had a party of 6, but only 4 of us were present at the time. Hostess would only seat us at a table for 4 and said we can move to a bigger table when the rest of the party arrived.  I meaaaaan, the restaurant was practically empty at 4am, but okay.
We took our foodie group to Rooneys and loved it. We have been back several times. The flatbreads are always good. The lamb sliders were juicy and mouth watering. The white bean dip is so good with the pita triangles.
The new Kelsey's look it was warm and inviting. The staff are responsive and on the ball even though this place is packed. Wine on tap is a great option however the wine menu is confusing and they've adopted the new five and eight let's cheap out our customers and squeeze more bucks. Given that beer hasn't changed in decades it's pretty insulting as a wine drinker. \n\nThe food options are extensive and the specials are creative and affordable. Get off the wine greed bandwagon and I'll give you an extra star!
this place is so awesome. I absolutely loved the customer service and the drinks are yummy just like the food.  sadly I came here on my last day in Vegas, but I really enjoyed it, next time I come to Vegas I'm definitely returning here!
Well I really can't say anything bad but why a 1 star well because I made an appointment for my son Max who is a 3 year old Shih tzu Pekingese Maltese on Tuesday. His appointment was at 10am I dropped him off. We just moved here my baby gets regularly groomed with no issues. He growled at her she asked if he bites i said only kids when they do something to him cause that's all I seen so I keep him away from kids. She took him from me just fine. I walked to the dollar store not even 5 minutes later she called said he is trying to bite her I need to pick him up. It was upsetting because he really needed to be groomed. I immediately left the store to pick him up. She did offer to try again Friday morning first appointment that was nice. But after I told my husband what happened he thought it was weird cause he is always good at getting groomed & told me to find some place else. I called another groomer took him there yesterday (Thursday) & I let them know what happened so they can be aware she took Max from me he went just find i hung out to see how he will act. Not surprisingly he went on the table just fine sat like a good boy got groomed so I left. It's unfortunate because I read so many great reviews on Yuppie & I really wanted them to be my babies new groomer. I just wish she would of given him a chance to get to know her.
Had a later dinner here at 9:45 on Saturday night with 5 of my girlfriends. The food was all amazing and the service was awesome as well. The price range and diversity of the wine menu was great...something for everyone. For being so late we did not feel rushed or pushed out. Very enjoyable!!
They have half price happy hour on all drinks.  I ordered an iced mocha, which is a drink, and they refused to give me the discount.  Mind you an iced mocha is milk, a shot of espresso, chocolate syrup, and ice, aka a drink!   They still refused, and told me that an iced mocha was an ice cream, I will not be back!
I tried the summerlicious dinner menu at Splendido for $45. Had the beef tongue, sea bass and panna cotta. They were all delicious but the standout was the beef tongue. The sea bass was a little too minimal in flavor but it was very soft and well cooked. I also enjoyed the basil cucumber lemonade.\n\nThe location is somewhat random as it isn't near many other restaurants or shops - and the room itself doesn't have fancy designs or decor. However, the service was top-notch, friendly and efficient. My server was cheerful and predicted our needs before we knew them. The support staff who bring out the food could use some extra training on the menu items - most high end restaurants do a little better when delivering and explaining the dish to guests. They were fine here but almost near whispering basic descriptions "this is the sea bass". \n\nI would definitely be back to try the regular menu, as the food was delicious and if the service is this excellent during summerlicious (which, let's face it, is a time when many restaurants will revert to factory style serving with more customers than they are used to), then I imagine the regular experience is superb. \n\nA note about portion sizes - it is small, perhaps smaller than many other high end restaurants - I rather liked this because it allowed me to get through the entire menu without feeling too full, but I can see how it would feel inadequate to a hungry or larger person. As a point of reference, the panna cotta was slightly smaller in circumference than a hockey puck, perhaps closer to a loonie. Just something to consider before making your choice. \n\nI've heard from friends that Splendido consistently has an excellent summerlicious\/winterlicious menu, and it has delivered this year as well.
Medina is a good wee club to visit if you want all your drinks for £2.00 and you enjoy a night of standing and dancing, which isn't a bad way to spend your night. There are a few seats around the dance floor, and a few booths behind the DJ bit. The floor area is not huge, but IS cosy. \nThere are about five or six staff behind the bar, and once you dodge your way through all the people on the dance floor, service was really quite good.\nThe DJ was called 'Nasty P' but is actually quite a nice guy. He played lots of Hip Hop, R&B and Rap music but there were lots of other classic tracks from a wide variety of artists, like AC\/DC, Dusty Springfield, Gorillaz and Jackie Wilson. Like most clubs in the 'student' area of Edinburgh, there were no signs of any loutish behaviour. Everyone seemed to be out for a fun night and there wasn't a noticeable bouncer presence. I'd visit this place again.\nThe only criticism I had, the whole night, was when a member of staff was collecting empty glasses in, she knocked over a full can of beer and it poured all over the stage area. It was quite a big puddle. I thought I was being helpful by pointing it out to the girl that spilled it, but she just said that the rest of the floor would be wet soon, ( I suppose the dancers DID all have their drinks in their hands ), but, it probably would have been a good idea to mop it up a bit. Later on a guy slipped and landed with his back on the ridge of the stage. He quickly got up and incorporated it into his dance moves to pretend that he meant it.
We have been going to this location about 1.5-2 years, before it was gentle Dental, mainly for Dr Honigman (Periodontist), who is excellent by the way. My most recent appointment was 7 a.m., perio maintenance (cleaning really), X-rays and evaluation. 1 hour and 45 minutes later I was out the door. Really? And I was the first patient for my hygienist. It was not her fault, I understand, but come on. Oh, and this is after a 1 hour and 30 minute appointment (7.30 a.m. - 9) a few weeks before for my 7 year old son, who had a cleaning (really just an eval and polish) and x-rays. Meanwhile, our daughter, scheduled at the same time for the same procedures with a different hygienist, was done in under an hour. \n\nAlso, whoever is in charge of their billing\/accounting department needs to be fired. They have not cleared up charges from our very first visits in early 2016 even though our insurance company has advised the practice they need more information\/documentation from the practice in order to pay the open claims. I have mentioned this to them almost every single time I have been in, yet still nothing has been done.
It's been how many months, and the A\/C still isn't fixed?! Major fail! Nice looking place...just need to get their act together!
Another Groupon casualty!  I bought several Groupons for this location and used only one.  Then we went to go use another one the other day and *BAM* it's gone!  Another one bites the dust.\n\nReturn Factor - An obvious 0%.
Same as before. Planned on going to Walmart for my oil change but they couldn't get my oil filter off so I had to come back to this Pep Boys. The mechanic, Bobby Brown, screwed the filter on too tight, my Dad couldn't get it off (or he would've changed the filter as well as my oil) and about 3 of the guys from Walmart couldn't get it off. What a pain to drive all the way from Concord to come back here to get them to get the oil filter off easily and especially as a broke college student not to even get a discount for my time.
This is one of the best nail salons I have ever been to, my gel manicures always last for well over 2 weeks. I've only had one bad experience in the year that I have been going to Envy: My gel mani was very rough and bumpy, but when I returned a few weeks later the nail technician who did my manicure was no longer working there. Clearly they care about quality!\n\nJust make sure you allow lots of time for your service, it seems like they are always busy and there is usually some wait time even if you have an appointment.
I gave them one star because I couldn't give them zero. 2 hours for delivery and the person on the phone just kept saying they were my neighborhood. Finally called and told the, to cancel it but I half expect them to still charge me.
The pizza here was awesome. Made our own with the Margarita sauce. You can taste the freshness in the sauce and toppings. Also ordered a salad. It was plenty for my wife and I. The prices aren't bad either. Lots of food for what you pay and cheaper than other places in the strip. Will definitely be checking this place out again the next time we're in Vegas.
We came to see the Picasso exhibit. There weren't many works but it was beautiful, I highly recommend to get the audio tour (it's free). The gallery is not kid friendly nor stroller friendly. It's small and I don't think there was proper security. We got tickets from the MGM hotel special "3 attractions for $57.
Although this is a little spot their food is a big deal! Never have I ordered from this place and then I'm satisfied I highly recommend it surprise amazing as well as their sandwiches and appetizers definitely worth the drive now offering delivery still excited! Keep up the good work I'm from New York in the piece of something to talk about best pizza this side of town
The hubby and I decided to have an early morning breakfast, we arrived around 7:45 am. It took us some time to order...we didn't feel rushed at all. John was courteous, funny, and very informative. He made us laugh a few times and made us feel very welcomed. Our food was prepared rather quickly and was nice and hot when served. They definitely do breakfast correctly. The biscuits are out of this world! One would hope, given the namesake. We've been to Biscuits before and we will continue to choose it over any other breakfast joint. Happy to see that building getting some good business. Prices are reasonable, portions are large, and the atmosphere is comparable to granny's kitchen. :) Highly recommend the chichen fried steak!
Food is so good! They have a new menu out with new pasta dishes and pizza's. Service is great they deliver also. Their food is like having a restaurant like olive garden deliver to you. The average delivery time for them is about 35 minutes pick up is 12 minutes.
Matt and Northstar Services are terrific. Matt was punctual, called to confirm his arrival time, and really did a superior job under difficult conditions. My laundry room is small with a front loading washer and dryer set in minimal space but he cleared over 30 years of built up dryer lint from my drier to my roof exhaust. He actually left the system better than what he found it and gave us some great tips for future upkeep. I would not hesitate to have Northstar back and will recommend Matt and his company to all my friends.
dissapointed \n16 bucks for a Greek scramble and pecan pancakes,  2 coffees \nScramble was over cooked, portion was probably a cup? \nCustomer service failed to tell me about "all you can eat French toast and pancakes"\nAlso failed to inform me of loyalty card\n I had to read these things on signs they had hanging
Tucked in a sketchy strip mall (anchored by a Family Dollar, so that should tell you something) is a gem of a restaurant called Bistro La Bon. Blink and you'll miss it, no joke. But foodies in the CLT know a terrific restaurant, and an even better Sunday brunch, no matter where the eatery may be.\n\nI like the cozy, intimate decor. Plenty of Persian-style rugs line the hardwoods, and the lighting and atmosphere lends itself to conversation and laughs. It's a terrific place to bring a date or a group of friends and family for a great meal.\n\nThe Sunday brunch is Bistro La Bon's raison d'etre. Keep in mind the buffet is rather small, so if you're expecting a Golden Corral-sized DIY helpings, you'll be slightly disappointed.\n\nI love that your buffet serving also comes with complimentary scrambled eggs, chocolate waffles, thick-cut bacon AND buttery french toast. For real. And, yes, they are complimentary. They say such nice things about me...(*groan*)\n\nOne thing to watch out for: if you love your Bloody Marys drowned in Tabasco, then you'll love 'em here. Me, I like 'em not so spicy. I struggled mightily trying to finish mine, but I simply threw in the towel. No shame in admitting I don't have enough hair on my chest to finish this spicy bastard. So I opted instead for a Mimosa. Yeah, whatever. Don't you judge me.\n\nSo for what it's worth, BLB is fast becoming one of my go-to spots for Sunday brunch. In fact, I may need to drag the missus and the wee wonder this Sunday...
I LOVE this place! 5 stars all the way! But Texas de Brazil is better if I was to choose for dinner option. Why? Texas the most amazing Salad Bar of any Buffet in Las Vegas with virtually the same meat. 14 cuts to be exact.\n\nWith that being said, the meat at Fogo is a hair tastier. Minus the hair in it. All the cuts here are very lightly seasoned as oppose to Texas which heavily salt their meat. I like my cuts medium-rare so lightly salted tastes better. Towards the end of the meal when I like it medium well, so the heavily salted-seared pieces are better. This only works with their Rib-eye here. In fact, I will only want to eat Rib-eye here. It's their best cut. And they sure give generous portions per cut.  \n\nSo with a poor Salad bar and slightly tastier meat, why a 5 stars? The lunch time menu! Everything is the same for 50% off M-F. AMAZING! If this place was closer to me. I'd be here once a week!
Sensi was a great experience. Food and drink were exceptional and server (Lawrence) guided us through the evening. Can't wait to return. Menu offered great variety and executed flawlessly.
Fabulous! Food and service was outstanding!!! Have not been here  since it changed ownership and was remodeled. I was very impressed. Will be back soon! This is a must if you are looking for a Habachi\/sushi spot.... this is the spot to go.
I ordered last minute for a Mother's Day delivery and was so pleased! My mother's name is Gaia so I was thrilled to find this local shop. The prices were much more affordable than your typical branded flower shops and the arrangements and vases were far more impressive at Gaia's. There was even a little bird placed into the arrangement and water with pebbles in the vase. Truly beautiful, great customer service, fast delivery and affordable. \n\nOrder from them next time and you'll be happy you did!
Went there for dinner with business associates. The food was terrible and the service was crap. If you need a restaurant in TI, go to Asle instead.
If you want the best service hit up JJ at the bar. Fast. Friendly.  Flair.  One of the best bartenders on the strip. Carlos and Charlie ' s has great drink specials. It's a fun atmosphere.
I went in a little skeptical and was pleasantly surprised.  The location is a bit confusing to get to, but once you're in there, the ambiance is clean and cozy.  The food choices are good and the plates I ordered were delicious.  The greens in my sandwich were fresh and crisp, the meat portions were generous. It was a great lunch, great food at a great price.
Worst Drs office I have ever been to. The wait times are outrageous and the nurses are rude. Save your time and find professionals.
Very cool place with great service from Scott. Candy bacon- yum! Proper house salad was very fresh and tasty. Loved the flight of beer option as a way to try out some of the local craft beers and ciders. The absolute best thing we had was the white chocolate bread pudding. Indescribably awesome!!
View from my room was atrocious unless you like the top if a garage or part of the convention center. I preferred the decor when it was THE Hotel.  Car valet people are very accommodating.  Call before you go there and the car will be ready.  Phone operators all pleasant.  I had to call 3 times to get something delivered that was urgently needed. Took over one hour. \n\nHotel is OK. A. bit pricey for its level. I much prefer 4 Seasons.
I am first time do the eyebrow shaping and they do a excellent . $3 such a good price, staff good. Highly recommend.
I ate here with my fiance and we loved it.  We had hummus, greek salad and greek fries.  Everything was fresh and I loved the elevated booths.  We will be back
I only had a coffee here. Didn't have time to eat. So I can't really review the food (although it did look fantastic). The staff weren't too friendly and seemed a bit abrupt but hey, give me my coffee and no one gets hurt...
Really good.. Nice change from the average burger place.  Has wide variety from breakfast to sandwiches and burgers. For local and close eats this is where I go.
Lunch time in the city and I'm feeling Japanese - I really think so.\n\nKabuki Japanese Restaurant isn't so bad. Yeh, it's a chain but where else would I be able to enjoy a meal of vegetarian variety that I look forward to when dining out? Kabuki's menu is extensive and the vegetarian selections are clearly marked.\n\nAuthentic restaurants may have extensive menus too, but they just don't understand non-meat living. Soooo, folks who want authenticity should stay away. In fact, just skip this review entirely because it ain't for you.\n\nLunch for four at Kabuki wasn't expensive at all, and I walked away with a satisfied palate and filled tummy. A small house salad, side of ginger, and wasabi accompanied the meal. Love that tasty ginger! It was ginger-coloured and marinated just right; not the pink-overly-sweetened-pickled-store-bought stuff. I topped everything with it and had to ask for an extra serving.\n\nHere's the food I decided on:\n\n- Spicy Veggie Ramen \nThis was good. Spicy broth with noodles, kale, onions, and bean sprouts. The noodles were a nice texture and very long. The amount of kale was perfect, but still the soup was lacking something filling. Like mushrooms. I would have loved to have some mushrooms.\n- Sautéed Asparagus \nComes in teriyaki sauce. Great sauce! Take this sauce and mix with the ginger...oh yeah. That's how you do condiments.\n- Sweet Potato Fries \nWho's a sucker for fries? Meeee. I would probably order fries in a candy store if I could.\n- Steamed Vegetables \nSmall plate of steamed kabocha (a type of squash), mushroom, asparagus, red bell pepper, broccoli, and green beans. Hmmmm, now that I think of it I should have put these into my ramen. That would have made a proper bowl of soup.\n- Vegetable Tempura\nMy Japanese staple. Crunchy and not too oily.\n- Asparagus Rolls and Avocado Rolls \nThese were good, but I would not order the asparagus again because it didn't do anything for the taste of the roll. The avocado roll had  a much better bite in terms of texture and the way the tastes melded.
Horrible place, filthy rooms. The owner, Mr Patel, is an a hole\nResturaun food gave us the runs, saw roaches in the rooms.\nStay away
I always recommend Invader Pest Management to friends and neighbors. They have kept our home and lawn pest-free for more than 20 years at a very reasonable price. The technicians are efficient, effective and polite. We value their attention to detail and the care they take of our property.
**CUSTOMER SERVICE NOT SO GREAT**\nI agree with the other so-so reviews of this coffee shop. While the drinks\/food in general are good, there are things that make this place lacking. On the two occasions I've been here, I've received very different service as well as very different quality in drinks. My first visit was pleasant and the people who served me were very nice, fast and made something delicious. The second visit; however, was very disappointing. Had I only been here once, I would have been very upset with the service I received on the second visit and possibly never returned. Several things that bothered me in general were: the lackluster service, the prices, and the items that were available. Over $6 for a 16oz milk tea seems a bit pricey considering it wasn't of the same quality as other boba places I've been to. My brothers waffle dessert was also disappointing as it was $8 for three waffle sticks and about a tablespoon of ice cream. On top of the cost, they did not have a container to accommodate this dessert when ordered to go. I probably wouldn't have been as bothered by these factors if the customer service was better but, one of the workers who took my order seemed to not want to be there. She referred me to the menu when she couldn't describe an item she recommended. My drink also did not have a hint of what I had ordered as an add on yet I was charged for it. They were also out of several items on the menu and out of stock in regard to bottles. All things said, I'd probably only return if they improved customer service and provided better to go containers. I guess I'll still have to travel to China town for good boba.
A few weeks ago, I was in town for a business event. I wanted a really good steak, and boy did I get it! The bone-in filet was hands down the best steak I've ever had...and I've had a lot of steaks! The sides, crab cakes, and salad we had were also amazing. \n\nThe drink? Killer. I can't remember the name of it, but their signature drink is a vodka soaked with pineapple, and not only was it HUGE, I wanted another one! \n\nFor the quality of the meat and the service, I think the prices were spot on. I was a bit disappointed that they advertise a dress code, and there were people in there with jeans on. I wish they would enforce that...
I feel like I just walked into the seven levels of shitty hair metal hell. The story was over the top cheesy, with nothing but 2 hours of blowjob jokes for both the straight and gay persuasion. The only thing giving this a second star was the immense amount of eye candy, steering your eyes away from the rest of the garbage production.\n\nThank the universe I got these tickets for free! We sat in the rockstar section(first three rows), and they cost 182 bucks! There were six of us, topping 1100 dollars for the entire experience! Rip off!!!\n\nIf I were middle aged and hammered off ten whiskey sours, I would have loved this show. You would've seen me belting out absurd lyrics about vagina innuendos, while wishing to myself that I was Tommy Lee. Unfortunately for ROA, my parents actually taught me what good music should sound like. \n\nSpoof shows only have the fizzle of the music selection they make...and hair metal should have killed itself with aids, thirty years ago; They were both very popular in the 80's.   \n\nI wish Eddie Money had his own Vegas show...
I have been going to this salon for over three years. I won't let anyone touch my hair. They are color experts. The moment you walk in, you feel loved and comfortable. They spend all the necessary quality time on you, offer you cucumber or lemon infused water, give you the best scalp massage and then give you a nice blow dry and style to your hair.  Worth every penny. The cost is reasonable too.
The food was delicious. The decor of the venue was whimsically unique.  Portions were on the smaller side, but the ambience omg; definitely worth the price for the atmosphere.
I'll stay with Harkins Theatres, concessions cost less and you don't feel like you just got reamed in the buttocks ($20) for crappy unflavored overpriced popcorn and soda that you have to get yourself now with those coke dispensers that have a million choices and most of the people have to stand there like there at a redbox deciding which movie to get. The only reason I go to AMC is because I get tickets for my birthday from my employer.
It's really easy to shit on the SLS. It tries, very desperately, to be cool and hip and funky funky fresh. In a lot of ways, it succeeds...yet, it's poor location on the strip and sparse crowds take a lot away from the hotel's potential. \n\nYou know what, I'm not going to waste any more of your time waxing poetic about this hotel's pros and cons. Here is the bottom line - the basic room is sexy. The bed is flanked by floor to ceiling mirrors. If you want to see a different angle of your lover(s) while banging and don't want to strain your neck(or your hotel budget) then the SLS is for you.
while i don't eat steak\nor drink martinis\n\ni can attest to seeing at least 3 celebrities and 4 nfl players\ndoing just that\n\nfun for drinks\nand people watching
Great food and performance on a Friday night. Do try out the grilled pineapple - it's to kill for. A bit pricey, but hey, if you can eat for 3, then it's very reasonable
Sunday champange brunch!  I suppose everything is better with booz but we had a great time.  Great selection of food and everyting looked quality.  Negatives are that they don't have a non-champagne option for non-drinkers (so I had to drink twice as much of couse) and their crab was icy.  I had them boil it but it was so salty, it was ineddible. But it was no biggy cuz they kept the mimosas coming!
This is a popular local hangout spot for youngsters and hipsters. \n\nBeen here twice. Coffee was not memorable and seating is a bit crammed. \n\nUninteresting book collection, reasonably friendly baristas.
I order the classic benedict.Comes with the melted cheese on hashbrowns. The ham on the muffin was sweet and tender. Eggs poached so nicely. Highly recommend for your starter of the day. Our server Kyle was very charsimatic, he'll tell you all the good stuff. He was considerate about us. We sat in a sunny spot out outside and Kyle helped us move to a more comfortble, shady spot. He'll take real good care of you.
Whenever I have a friend come to town and want to try some local cuisine, I immediately think of the Fox Restaurant Concepts.  So many creative concepts, and Doughbird is one of the latest.  Ironically, my two favorite cuisines are pizza and chicken.  What do you get when you combine the two?  Doughbird, of course!!  I just went last night to Doughbird for my second time since it had opened, and to be honest, I'm not sure why I don't go on a regular basis.  Great concept, easy parking, short waits, good service, and delicious food!  \n\nDuring my first visit, my guest and I both shared a truffle cheese stromboli appetizer, I ordered the free range chicken (half) and she ordered carmelized cauliflower.  My chicken came with macaroni and cheese as a side dish.  We then ordered pie for dessert.  Last night, we shared a pizza and a caesar salad.  Note that you can have a pizza personalized as you wish.  You do not have to stick with the options given on the menu (though they do sound pretty good).  All the food tasted delicious!  \n\nMy only thoughts were that the prices are a bit high for pizza or chicken, and again, as a fan of both foods, it would be amazing to have a combination of pizza and chicken in one dish.  Perhaps a slice of pizza and some chicken?  I'm sure the restaurant can think up something more creative than that.  Also, the menu should mention that pizzas can be personalized.  Those were just a few of my thoughts.  \n\nThe restaurant is one of many that can be found on the corner of 44th Street and Indian School Road (southwest corner).  Both times, I found myself with many options for parking and only a short wait upon arrival.  Waiting for food took a little while during my first visit but was pretty quick during yesterday's visit.   I did learn after the fact that you can make a reservation on their website or on OpenTable.  When you sign up for their e-mail list, you can get $10 off a $20 purchase during your next visit.
Great music, great beer,great mac'n cheese great service. Chicken a little bit dry for my taste.
We just moved to the neighborhood three weeks ago and Pars is right around the corner. We've already been here three times and are the new regulars. I am a self-admitted Persian food snob. \n\nThe first time was takeout on moving day. A large portion of chicken shish kabob and it was good.\n\nThe next two times we ate in. As with every restaurant, dining in the food is even better! As others have said, Persian restaurants are known for large dinner portions and Pars is the same. My husband and I share an entree'. \n\nThe first dine-in experience we enjoyed koobadeh (so delicious!) and the next visit we tried solanti. Both were excellent. I must say, the kind, attentive service we've had from different servers has been a pleasant surprise. We almost feel like we are dining at a friend's house because our every need was anticipated. We also tried the salad Shirazi (it was pretty good), the yougurt and mint dip (absolutely outstanding) and the hummus. I was shocked with how much I enjoyed the hummus as it is usually my husband's choice and not mine. It was so fresh tasting!\n\nThe prices are appropriate for the portion sizes. This is a low-key quiet dining kind of place and is a really great option to try Persian food for the first time as the atmosphere makes it not intimidating for first timers. Also easy to find and get to off of Shea Blvd and plenty of free parking close by.
Me gusto mucho la atencion que me proporcionaron tanto las asistentes como el doctor el doctor muy eficiente rapido amable y habla español
I love this park!  The Point is on 36 acres "acquired" through eminent domain from industrial companies back in the 1950's.  This area is rich in history, forts once stood here, and it was a major battlefield.  It's interesting to learn about their role in the French & Indian War and the American Revolution.\n\nDuring the early days of Pittsburgh, the Point was the hub for industry.  By the 1930s it was occupied by warehouses and railroad yards. Search the web for pictures of the Point way back when.  Not a pretty sight.  In 1945, the area was even worse due to World War II and the Great Depression. The total assessed property value in the Golden Triangle was at a record low and falling. \n\nDuring World War II, federal and local authorities decided to create a park to commemorate the site's history.  Pittsburgh department store owner,  Edgar Kaufmann became chair person of a committee to look into the Point Park.  Kaufmann wanted a plan for that was more urban and developed than others were imagining. He was a supporter of Pittsburgh CLO and wanted to provide it with a permanent building. He brought in Frank Lloyd Wright, who designed Fallingwater.  Plans for Point Park Civic Center fell through and the site was turned into a park.  Areas adjoining the park were condemned to permit commercial development, including Gateway Center.\n\nThe Fort Pitt blockhouse remains intact, and three of the five bastions of the fort have been restored. The state acquired almost all property for the site by 1949, at a cost of $7,588,500 and the park and fountain was finally completed in August 1974.  The blockhouse is the only intact remnant of Fort Pitt. It was built in 1764 and is believed to be the oldest building in Western Pennsylvania. It was used for many years as a house.  It was purchased and has been preserved by the Daughters of the American Revolution, who open it to the public.\n\nThe park also includes the outlines and remains of two of the oldest structures in Pittsburgh, Fort Pitt and Fort Duquesne. The Fort Pitt Museum commemorates the French and Indian War (1754-63). The park is a registered National Historic Landmark and is operated by the Pennsylvania Bureau of State Parks.  Point State Park is so much more than just a place to watch the Regatta or walk your dog.  When you are here, you are standing on history.
meh. I've experienced better. \n\nclean. nice people.\n\ni'm from NYC so I'm not easily impressed by "just ok". \n\nThe deep tissue was not a deep tissue - not even close. It was pretty lame. She was sweet, though. Disappointed. \n\nThe facial was pretty good or I would have given 2 stars.
I dropped in today and was pleasantly surprised.  The owner was very friendly and was excited to show his products including olive oils, balsamic vinegars, wines, and spices.  He gave free tastings on oils and vinegars which were all very good and unique.  This is a needed and welcoming business to the area.  I highly recommend visiting their store.
Great experience with Absolute Air Tech.  AC was not working. I was out of town and my teenager was at a complete loss at what to do.  I checked yelp for a local company and called Absolute Air late in the day. Mike responded promptly with a call.  Immediately went to service the unit.  Explained the problem in lay mans terms and the AC was fixed immediately.  Very reasonable charge for such prompt and professional service. Would not hesitate to recommend to others.
Great place to be...very friendly staff. Always have something to do from gambling, dining and even watching the latest movie. Got to check out the pool during the warmer it's wonderful and the bowling alley worth checking out. I would bring my friends and family here in the future.
Excellent service! Quick turn aroud. I actually am bringing more things to them because they offer same day and next day turn around as there regular service. I like that drive through. Always friendly people.
Food is good but sometimes a little expensive for the portion. The menu changes after which is good and the atmosphere is chilled. It's also a B Crop (social enterprise) which is extra awesome
This an authentic Cuban restaurant that specializes in Cuban pizza and spaghetti. I did not know that there is Cuban pizza and spaghetti but apparently it's very popular in Cuba. We go there for the coffee which is authentic Cuban coffee, very strong and very rich. We love it. It is a small place in a small shopping center right next to the big shopping center at Eastern and Tropicana. A lot of people come in and get the pizza to go so some day we will have to try it.
I stupidly broke my bathroom mirror 10 days before my lease was up.  I had called a couple places in the valley before reaching Marc and they had told me they couldn't get the mirror in time or it was going to cost me a small fortune.  I found Marc on yelp and called him, my last resort before having to admit defeat and lose my security deposit. \n\nMarc was amazing!  He helped me out in record time and worked within my limited budget!  Great guy and knows what he's doing!  I highly recommend him for any glass or mirror job!!!
I came here the first time with friends. It was crowded. \n\nThe place:  small and not comfortable. The table is small. We ordered four dishes for 4 people and there was not enough room on the table. I would not bring my date here to this little place.\n\nFood: this is basically a BBQ noddle place, nothing fancy. If you are looking for BBQ and noodle place, you are in the right place. BBQ items are not bad but not much better than the other places. Ordered Chow Mein. They used the thick noodles and they were fried and not pan fried to save time. \n\nPrice: It is expensive. They are basically serving dinner menu all day. They don't have a lunch menu. Chow fun and average $12, probably the most expensive in town for a little place during lunch time. You can go to most Chinese restaurant to order chow fun on the dinner menu and they are around $9-10 max. It is more expensive than Ping Peng Pong in the Gold cost Casino. The portion is dinner portion. If you walk across the street to Hong Kong Garden (3407 S. Jones), the same dish on their lunch menu is only $5.99, exactly half and the quality is about the same, Their dinner price is only $8.99, much cheaper for comparable items. For lunch, I may not want to spend $12 for a Chow Fun dish in this place. \n\nService: It is OK because my friend is a regular customer here and he tips good.\n\nOverall, this place has quality food, but not really better than other restaurants in town. The place is small and seating is not comfortable. The worst part is the price. It is expensive compared to most of the oter other restaurant for whatever limited items they are serving. This place is overrated IMO. \n\nI would not return unless someone else is inviting me. I live in town and I have tried most of the Cantonese restaurants. There are better place with much better dinning environment and much cheaper with comparable quality food. Don't bring you date here. He or she may like the food but not the place.
Great spot! The food was incredibly good! The service was attentive and friendly. Techno Taco Tuesday was a blast outside! Great house music with a fun unpretentious vibe. Wish the dance floor had more space cause we danced so much! Can't wait to come back for Nacho House!
Breakfast & Burgers served a mediocre breakfast, go elsewhere.  It's low quality institution type food.
This is near the best Chinese fast food in town. Good service, LARGE portions, great prices and tasty! Very clean joint as well. If you are looking for a lunch or quick dinner, this is IT!
They open at 11:00 to 9:30pm wrong hours posted. They have great food and the service was excellent. Thank you Popo's for a great experience
The restaurant didn't change a lot over two decades, even their staff...  Huge menu selection, cuz they keep adding new items into their menu.  We used to come here for breakfast, afternoon tea, or even late night snack.  Full of good memories here...\n\nBut now, we came here whenever we need a quick meal...  as their food quality is getting worse... especially in the past couple years.\n\nI used to love their beef brisket rice noodle in soup (牛腩河).  But after my recent visit, I guess they are out from my restaurant list.  Beef brisket has no taste at all...  I felt like I only having rice noodle and soup... I am very disappointed...\n\nMy husband ordered black pepper beef on rice, and he said the beef tastes funny...  Not like what we can have in other Hong Kong style restaurants...\n\nSo now, I can't think of any reason to come here anymore.
Had a great experience here with my wife tonight.  We got some miso soup, a few basic rolls, a bento box, some sake and mochi ice cream. The bento teriyaki salmon was cooked to perfection and the rolls were very tasty and fresh.  The staff is super helpful and friendly and the decor and ambiance is nice as well.   They also offer(only one in az) what the owner explained to us is Japanese tapas.   We tried the chicken thigh which was really good and well be sure to try more next time we go. Definitely will be making a return trip soon!
All I can say is this is the best place I have been to and I do go out to eat a lot. I was here with my husband and 2 kids. The desserts were amazing. The menu is awsome. the cleanliness is super and the service is well trained to please:) Would come back again if I am in town.
Giving Slanted Rice even one star is being generous.  I had heard such great things about Slanted Rice and love Vietnamese food so friends took me for my bday.  We had brussel sprouts  and edamame a la lemongrass ... both were very sweet and sticky.  As my main, I had the clay rice pot with tofu and veggies.  The tofu was disgusting - chewy and tough - like it had been cooked and then microwaved to heat it up.  I mentioned it to our waiter who brought the owner over.  She explained that they use firm tofu and proceeded to tell me about the different kinds of tofu.  No apology was offered, nor was the dish offered to be removed from the bill.  She didn't apologize.  I asked for rice with veggies which took forever to come out.  The dish had about 2 cups of rice and 1\/2 cup of veggies - again, smothered in a sweet sauce.  My friends ordered tofu and chicken - both said they were spongy, touch and chewy.   I eat tofu all the time and have never tasted tofu so poorly prepared.   Totties, Malee's on Main and Saigon Nights all have delicious tofu.  NONE of them serve chewy, spongy,  tofu.  The soup that come with the meal was salty.  The salad was basically wilted lettuce.  The restaurant knew it was my birthday.  They didn't offer us dessert. - not that I was looking for a free-bee - they never even brought a dessert menu giving us a chance to order.  All around I had a very poor experience.  And, the prices were extremely high.  Rice with a few veggies $14.    Seriously!?   I won't be going back and neither will the two other friends I want with.
Very Good, but below our top tier.  Appetizers may have been the best we've had at a steakhouse.  Steaks were very good, but not quite up to the best of the best.\n\nNo Som and the wine selection was decent.
This place is awesome! The sushi is delicious, the wait staff attentive, and the atmosphere nice. I foresee them growing out of this space quickly.
I want to love this place. I love the people, and i like the food, and im so so on the location and decor. \n\nIll break this up into two parts, the good and the bad. So the good is the same that everybody has talked about, as the couple are the sweetest people and genuinely want you to enjoy your food and leave satisfied. I mean how many places bring you samples of food for you to try even after your full from your meal? Not many and that gives me the feel of going home to my grandmother who never wants to stop feeding me. Both husband and wife were very nice, especially my interaction with the husband with my limited Korean we really had a nice conversation.\n\nThe bad but not totally bad is the location is certainly not setup for date night or anything more that a super casual location\/spot. And its just the two that run the place, so the wait for your bill, food, drink etc could take a little bit as its hard to be demanding of such a genuine gentleman trying to keep the front of the house. Last thing that was sort of a negative to me was that when i heard of a mom\/pop spot with Korean food i thought traditional comfort food. Maybe some jajangmyeon, galbi jjim, or something other than the standard fair like Kalbi, Bulgogi, and bibimbap offerings. \n\nI wouldnt make a special trip, but if your in the area and want a good lunch at a good price and time isnt an issue. Stop on by as im sure you will be pleased like so many others.
You cannot beat the happy hour at Brio....the appetizers are seriously yummy, and $2.95 each works for me!  I met a friend this evening, we sat at the bar and had a fabulous time.  We ordered the Spicy Shrimp\/Egglant (YUM!), Margharita Flatbread (light and good) and the Meatballs w\/ Polenta (great but slightly salty) with two iced teas and a gin\/tonic our bill was $21.00!  It was packed, as usual, great vibe, nice atmosphere, I really enjoy this place!  I have never had a bad experience here...for a chain restaurant, this place really is spot on with a nice, upscale feel.
We stopped by here on the way to a ball game. We all loved the hotdog. Very tasty. The mac and cheese nuggets, not so much. All the other apps were bar food good.
I recently moved to Scottsdale and had no idea who to contact on my kitchen remodel. After reading Yelp reviews, I selected Matt the Granite Dude. Excellent choice!  Matt either answers the phone or returns calls promptly. He honors his word on date, time of installation. His granite installation team?  #1 in installation details, respectful but friendly and very impressive overall. EVERYTHING was exactly done as I requested.  They even said "if you decide you want a soap dispenser, we can do that.  Just call us--it will be $50."  Here's the amazing part. After a month or so, I decided to have a garbage disposal air switch added. I called Matt, he referred me to Scott. Called Scott and he scheduled it the following Saturday, arrived on time, did a great job. The amazing part?  When I asked to confirm the $50 fee, he said "don't worry about it!"  AND, he was serious!!  Regardless, I paid the $50. I was blown away by his offer. These guys are nice, honest AND do a great job. Thank you Matt and granites dudes who makeup his team. I'm a fan.
By far the best breakfast and biggest surprise in the trade area.  The flavor profiles, the plate presentations, etc make it worth the trip.  Don't let the fact that it is part gas station, part car wash, part convenience store, that just adds to the atmosphere.
Rated as one of America's must-have meals for a reason! The long line, which exists so long as this place is open for business, is well worth the wait.\n\nYou cannot go wrong when ordering here, so have no fear!
Went to Hewat's while visiting Edinburgh on a tip from our B&B.  Arrived 20 minutes after it opened on a Wednesday night, so we were the first table of the evening and were promised that we would get the host's "undivided attention."  Not so much, but more on that later.\n\nHubs and I took advantage of the 2 courses for a Tenner since the menu wasn't that much shorter than the regular one.  I ordered the mushroom soup and roast pork while Jeremy went for the smoked fish cake and salmon\/prawn dish with crab and pea risotto.  All of the meals were tasty, although the fish cake was by far our favorite.  Nothing mind-blowing, but satisfying.  \n\nDesserts were the highlight of the meal.  The sticky toffee pudding was rich and sumptuous, to the point that we were struggling to finish it although we desperately wanted to!  The lemon tart had a nice crisp bruleed top and had the perfect balance of tart and sweet.  They also had multiple scotch choices at prices that amazed these two Americans, so I think if I lived in the area I would come here for drinks and desserts more than the dinner.\n\nDespite the tasty food we were disappointed by the service.  We were told that since we were one of only three occupied tables that we could expect lots of attention, but the whole experience took about two hours.  Food came out hot, so perhaps it was the time it took to prepare it, but no one checked on us while we were eating.  It also took about 10 minutes to get the bill after we requested it, and another 10 for them to take it to the register.  Perhaps it was customary to walk the bill to the register, but we were told this so I can't say.  Nothing was terribly wrong, we just felt a little neglected.\n\nOverall we were glad to have tried this place.  It was a nice beginning to our holiday here, and would most likely be back if we didn't live thousands of miles away!
I have had all my dental work done here over the past 3 years. Dr. Kim, Dr. Wong and now Dr. Uy are all very patient and understanding. They explain what needs to be done at a level I can understand. Jenifer behind the desk always greets me with a smile and explains my bill to me when ever there is a question. Nice friendly professional staff.
Friendly hairdresser but has obviously not kept up to date with styling techniques. I came in for a basic wash and blow dry and honestly do much better myself day to day. The blow dry technique was amateur at best. She put a ton of mousse in my hair without asking and it's now weighed down and heavy. She didn't don't even ask what style I wanted until she was halfway done drying and at that point I could tell she didn't know how to blow dry professionally. So I just went along to get it over with. Ive given 2 stars because she was super talkative , friendly and a very nice person. Just not amazing with hair.
I haven't felt relaxed in a long time, but sitting down (wait was 30 minutes), outside with my glass of wine, hearing the familiar tunes of my home (Hawaii), I felt my body completely relax. Our waitress was amazing! She was so friendly and helpful, as this was our first time. We didn't get appetizers because we knew some awesomeness was on its way.  I chose a bacon cheeseburger with onion rings, hubby got the pbj burger with fries, MIL got the ghost burger with sweet potato fries and her boyfriend got the bigger beefstro burger with the corn on the cob. All of the sides and burgers were so good!! We saved room for the pot brownies with ice cream. Omg. Best dessert ever! Everything came at a decent time and everything was wonderful and relaxing. We will definitely be back to try new things!
This is a solid sushi spot...it's only $25-26 bucks for AYCE! Gotta love that...\n\nThe decor is okay, the service is average to slightly above average and the fish is a 7 or 8 out of 10. \n\nThis place isn't going to blow your mind, but it is a solid place to grab dinner on a random night. \n\nMy friend works here, so I typically come up here for a beer and a poke bowl... or some sushi.
Come here often. The staff are always great at answering any questions I have since I'm new to having Boba and tea. I've come very addicted to the Grey earl with Boba. A must try. The glass cups are great idea. The place is always Clean and comfortable. I can't wait to try everything on the menu!
Love these guys! True, we bought 2 trucks that have needed lots of $$$ in repairs, but we got a good deal on the trucks in the first place, and these guys have been more than willing to help where they can. They are getting out of the truck selling business, but they still sell toy haulers & trailers. Go see them for a good deal.
This is a great spot for anytime of day. The ambience is cozy and simple and the staff is very friendly. I had the popular dish the huevos rancheros with chorizo, which was delicious. The portion was perfect. \n\nIf you aren't looking for brunch there are various traditional mexican dishes worth trying.
Great place great people more affordable than you think.  Love the RM3 shots. They work and you lose the pounds. So sorry I moved to California and I can't go anymore :(
A poor attempt at reinventing the pizza pie by using a gross and disgusting pita-like crust.  Better start looking for a new tenant GVR, these guys will never last with this gluten free crap they are peddling.  \n\nI had the New York pizza, I figured the topping alone could salvage almost any pizza I have eaten, but I was wrong, because this isn't really a pizza at all it's toppings on a pita, and that's not pizza!\n\nI have eaten pizza all over the world and this is one of only two or three places that have found a way to completely ruin it.  \n\nI bought mine via Postmates, with tip it was $ 58, it should be a crime to rip someone off like this.  Don't let the photos fool you, it's nothing like real pizza.
I'm not a big fan of musicals per se but as a lover of 80s music and the nostalgia that it brings, I wanted to check this out.  The venue was more intimate than I expected and I had amazing seats in the 7th row. One of the things I appreciated was there was an actual plot to the story unlike some of the other shows I've seen in Vegas. It was not the Godfather or Casablanca by any means but something to keep you engaged while you enjoy the music and singing. The actors were great and a couple like the two Leads and the hippy girl were very endearing. Most importantly the music and band were fantastic. They did an amazing job of selecting a representative selection of 80s Rock hits. I was singing along to every word. The singing and dancing weren't  at Grammy or tony caliber but it didn't matter to me. All in all a great time was had and it was well worth the money spent.
Please believe everything positive about the Queen of Hair here in Las Vegas! Marcella is delightful! I am so pleased with my beautiful hair style she did on me. FYI I'm not even from Vegas I was visiting the area for my sisters wedding and chose Marcella to do my hair based on all of her awesome reviews. She did not disappoint! I wish I could give her a million STARS because that's just how good she is! My hair is divaliscious with sexy curls soft n wavy! I am definitely Vegas Strip ready! So if you are looking for a fantastic professional to do your hair in the Law Vegas area HERE SHE IS!
It's not possible to dine at Cantina 1511 and feel sad. This new restaurant, which just opened Oct. 22, has an upbeat, fun vibe. I enjoyed prompt and friendly service at the bar. Energetic and warm vibe, great for a group. \n\n5 stars for atmosphere and drinks, 4 stars for food.
I have eaten here twice during two different trips to Las Vegas. We loved it so much the first time that we HAD to come back. We raved about it to friends and they were just as pleased as we were. The service: impeccable! I didn't catch our waiter's name but I assure that he was never far even though we were not his only table. We never waited long on drinks or food and all was brought out at appropriate times and he checked with us to be sure they were proper. I described my desire to try a dish and asked him, based on my taste for savory over sweet foods, if I should try the foie gras. He was very honest and said even though it was fabulous, he didn't believe I would appreciate the sweetness of this dish. Good save. The oysters were perfect for me anyway. I can't say enough about the escargot....it is pure perfection. The truffle fries were insanely good. The bartender had no problem (unlike some bars I encountered in Las Vegas) making a vodka on the rocks with olive juice. I was even given a choice of pimiento olives or blue cheese instead of an eye roll like at some other bars! The staff was eager to please in all respects right down to the hostesses. They were welcoming instead of acting like they ran the red rope to a packed private club. This restaurant is a place you cannot miss while in Las Vegas. We will go back every time and always recommend it.
I ordered a lemon cake last week.  It was tasty but dry.  I think you'd be better served by staying with the smaller bundts.  I was very disappointed, and it was a lot of money to waste.
A seriously incredible thing. Even though our tour failed to happen, the Hoover Dam left me proud of what Americans have accomplished. The amount of concrete was shocking and the sheer force of the water below you will leave you awestruck at how something like this could come to be. Many people will leave unimpressed and ready to gamble, but for me (the jaded teenager!) this was a great experience. Do yourself and your kids a favor and come see this.
The pharmacy has limited hours on weekends.  Went Sunday morning at 1030 to pick up called in prescriptions.  The guy at the counter said that they only had 1 of my 2 called in prescriptions and that I had to hand carry in my other prescription.   I get on the phone with my Dr's office and as soon as the nurse answers the guy says never mind I found it in the system.  Then he said my cough medicine and Z PAC wouldn't be ready until noon.  So we head home and come back at 1:30 and sit in the drive through for 10 min until we are helped.  Then they tell us they still don't have it ready and it will be another 20 min.  So I told them to cancel my prescription and I went to Walgreens.
The service is great. Ambiance is intimate and tasteful.  The food is excellent, and I appreciate how many vegetarian\/vegan options they have, even being an omnivore (sometimes I just like it light, okay?).  I like that they have small and large sizes, and the lunch menu is very affordable with good portions.  You can just tell they really care about their food, and that to me, above anything else, is so important.  When I come here, I feel like what I ordered was made just for me, with care, and with pride.\n\nThe other great thing about this place is their flexibility on spiciness. Word of caution: I LOVE spicy food, so one time, like a badass, I ordered something "Thai hot," or "5\/5", or whatever it's called. Emphasize: once.  Thank god I got it to go, because I cried like a little b**** three bites in.  To be fair, the person on the phone was like, "Are you sure?"  Hey, fair warning's fair warning.  I ate every bite because I ordered it, and that's how I was raised, cuz there wasn't nothin' in it I didn't ask for. I was just grateful to shed my tears in the privacy of my home.\n\nTo the point- Delicious, great place for a date night, but also awesome for a nice lunch or some quick, quality take-out.  Just maybe try the 3 or 4\/5 level of spiciness before you go all-in.  The one thing I will say: Malee's Thai Bistro is 5\/5, hands down.
I love this place, that's my review, ok, a little more.  The food is great, I haven't had anything bad on the menu.   The ghostly ridiculous sauce is awesomely hot with a great taste.  I especially like the Cajun Chicken Pizza, and then I get a side of sauce and dip the pizza in it, it's great.\nThe service is always good and quick.  My favorite bartender, Laura, sees us coming in and has our beer waiting by the time we hit the bar, you can't ask for better.
Wow! Great food and friendly staff. We had the Ruben and a Green Chili Burger (open-faced) along with sweet potato tots. Yummy! The beer selection was pretty good (some locals), but make sure to ask what else they have. Multiple beers were not listed on the menu.\n The only reason for 4 stars is because the doors were open to the patio where multiple people were smoking both cigarettes and cigars, the smoke was flowing into the building. Gross! Also it's still a little to hot out and the doors were letting in a ton of heat.\nIf there was no smoke it would be 5 stars!
Every time I have issues with my phone or need help, I always look for Mike. Great customer service, upbeat attitude and always seems to have answers to all my questions. Very knowledgeable. Don't mind waiting 30 minutes just to get taken care of by him. Keep up the good work, Mike.
Cheba Hut, you rule the ganja universe. You rule the sober universe. You just rule. The kind is... The kindest.
Great subs, just not for vegetarians! I also loved how committed they are to the theme, and that their menu is very specialized, rather than cluttered. Review as follows ~\n\nService: 5\/5\nEveryone was super friendly and helpful! I initially thought it took a little while to get our food, but it's definitely not the kind of sandwich you get Subway or Capriotti's. It's a meal, and they pay attention to every order. \n\nPricing: 4.5\/5\n$9 for a sandwich is a little steep, but the portions are huge and they come with fries or potato salad. It would probably be more reasonable to skim a dollar off the price of the sandwich, and then opt in for a meal, but oh whale \n\nFood:\nSkinny Dip: 4.5\/5\nMy boyfriend loved this sandwich, and it looked amazing. This not so skinny sandwich was loaded up with melted, gooey cheese. He said it was one of the better French onion dip sandwiches he's ever had, and he will definitely be back.\n\nMeat Hater: 2\/5\nI, on the other hand, will probably not be coming back. I was really excited and surprised when I saw that one of their 7 signature subs was vegetarian (and absolutely loved the name lol). The sandwich itself is very bland, however. It's loaded up with roasted veggies and mozzarella, topped with lettuce and tomato tossed in a very light dressing. If I didn't know any better, I'd say the sandwich was healthy (gasp), and admittedly, not what I want in a sandwich. There was a lack of flavor and texture, and I got a quarter of the way through my sandwich before I got really bored with it, and I was just forcing myself to finish the entire half (and I couldn't). The sandwich wasn't inedible, it was just... boring and tasteless. "A" for effort, but load that shit up with some flavor.\n\nFries: 3\/5\nPotato salad: 4\/5\n\nOverall: 4\/5\nI know I was hating on the meat hater, but I do really think this place is good as long as you don't get it. Great service, reasonably priced for huge portions, and good food for meat eaters. As for vegetarians? Try somewhere else.
I made reservations here for my friends birthday. As soon as we got there we were seated immediately though the hostess wasn't too friendly. We ordered drinks and an the spinach and artichoke appetizer to share, which came out very quickly. All of the food was very good. The portions were large and everyone had food to take home. Since we were celebrating a birthday we had to order dessert. We got the blondie to share. It was super delicious! Overall I really enjoyed this restaurant, although the service could have been better. I would come back again.
Hands down the best experience at any club ever . We got bottle service here last Friday night (the package included 1.75 liter of belvedere and 1 bottle of champagne)  ... myself and my 4 best girl friends were out for my 30th bday and my bff's 28th ! The service was friendly , prompt on point. Our drinks were never empty and all service was done with a smile. The bouncers were awesome . The music was fantastic and the atmosphere was to die for . I recommend this to anyone ever !
Oh my goodness, can't wait to get back to CHoP.  We went with 5 other people and decided to share everything to get a good feel for the menu.  For apps we had the artichokes, which were out of this world.  Just the right texture and smokey flavor.  We also had the salmon app and fries, both were soo good.  The sauces with everything were beyond great too!\nFor meals we had collectively:\nSalmon with pesto....loved this dish, the salmon was not overwhelmed but complimented by the sauce.  \nFilet...ummm amazing.  Cooked to perfection with a delicious butter on top.\nRibs....really good, tender.  The sauce does have a kick, which was ok by me!\nTrout   I feel like you don't see trout on the menu in AZ very often, being from the Midwest I was a little skeptical, but it was delicious, seasoned and cooked perfect and the portion was enormous!\n\nOverall, I loved the atmosphere, the waitstaff was so friendly and the food was awesome.  This is a great date night spot or would be a great girls night out!  I can't wait to get back!
UPDATE: i have changed my review to 5 stars. My comment below still applies, but the pizza has just been so good lately, they have to earn 5 stars.\n----------------------\nTheir pizza is usually pretty good. They have decent dough (if you like a slightly thicker crust) sauce is great and toppings are fresh (not canned) and plentiful.\n\nThe only problem is when you call to place your order. You will be put on hold. And I mean you will ALWAYS be put on hold. Try it! I have ordered maybe 20+ times and 20\/20 its, "thank you for calling, please hold." It's so routine that it's comical.\n\nWhen you go into the store you'll see about a dozen or so kids just meandering about, folding boxes, talking, whatever. If the phone rings, they will walk over, answer, put on hold, then go back to their "work" or whatever... It is absolutely hilarious- but sometimes it's rather annoying,\n\nBarros- Please stop making PPH (Putting People on Hold) part of your training process. It is okay to just answer the phone and take the order. Surely, you can train all your employees to accomplish this task.\n\nYou will receive 5 stars if you can fix this!
This tour is amazing! They teach you how to ride in under a hour and Justin and the team are so helpful and friendly. I would recommend this experience for anyone who wants to see Vegas in a new light.
Decided to chance it on Mother's Day.  Got there around 9, was mildly surprised we got a table right away.  Good timing, too - about 20 minutes later, the place was packed.  We were served pleasantly and efficiently.  Has a throwback look to it - it really is a diner.  Sure, everything is vegetarian, but their food should appeal to veggies, vegans and everyone.  Unless, you know, you don't like food.  They you're stuck.  \n\nI had the Early Birdito (with tofu) with OJ, my wife had the What The Waff?! with the potatoes, my mother-in-law tried the Frank Lloyd Bite with the fruit salad and my oldest daughter had the Avocado Sando with chips.  Everyone enjoyed everything.  \n\nI think the 5-star dish here is the waffles.  As much as I liked my breakfast burrito, next time I'll be trying those, or the goat cheese pancakes (which no one tried on this trip).  My daughter scarfed down the sandwich and then stole some of my rosemary potatoes.  the Frank Lloyd Bite is really more of a sampler platter.  If you order that, I hope you're really hungry.  All in all, a successful trip.  \n\nThe previous description of it as low key is on the money.  Really liked the feel of the place.
Rented through Southwest Vacations for a quick weekend getaway to Scottsdale.  The actual check in process wasn't very bad.  Came right up to the counter and was helped right away. Wasn't pressured to upgrade anything but was talked into pre purchasing gas at a cheaper price than in town.   The gentleman explained that the $28 charge was an estimate and I'll be credited with the return of the Kia Rio we have rented.   Should've prob read the YELP reviews first . I'm hoping for the best when I return the car in 2 days.  Didn't like that when I said the boyfriend would also be driving, they charged an extra $10\/per day but once I noticed this, I had him take both the driver and the charge off.  No problem. I thought this should've been made aware to me right away.  \nBiggest problem was going to actually get the car.   You leave the check in area and go downstairs into the garage.  No biggee!!   Upon coming up to the Payless counter, the counter girl, I believe her name was Geraldine (?), was sitting with a boy from one of the other companies with ear buds in their ears and it took her a minute to even acknowledge us.  No "hello", "good evening", or anything.  Rude!!!   She gave us out key and told us which space.  I was to go to the car and check for damage. When I came back to tell her about the damage, including what looked like the bumper had been side swiped, she once again had the ear buds in and looked horribly irritated when I arrived.  She ripped out the ear bud and that was it, irritated myself, I asked "am I putting you out or something?"  She didn't say anything.    You are in the customer service business, act like it!!!  When I reported the damage, she circled all the areas of the car and said it'll all be fine!   Then when I mentioned that the one side actually looks like it was side swiped another employee piped in and said "it's from the luggage, you won't be charged for that".  Ugh, no it's not but I wasn't about to get into a pissing match.  \nI'm hoping the return experience will be better and the employee who helps me next time will actually care about their job and not music on their phone!!\nUPDATE:  car was returned with no problem and no refund for 1\/2 tank of gas.  Gentleman said if we want we can go to a gas station and fill it up. Boooo!  Felt like I was taken.    Note to self: make sure to read Yelp reviews ;).
This place was suggested by a trusted friend...i wasn't disappointed in taste \/ quantity \/ quality, however I do think it was a little pricey.  I'll be back FOR SURE, but will spend a little less cash.
Dude..... the crust.... it is so different, but very very yummy! It made my 1\/2 casanova very enjoyable.  I would be drawn to that style of pizza on their crust more than the traditional saucy pepperoni stuff.  It seems more fitting to me.  My Hubby had the pepperoni and something just wast quite right.  It wasn't bad at all.  The salads and appetizer selection were like dream worthy! So unique! I will be back for those for sure! We sat at the bar, and the bartender was fine.  Not rude, no problem, but not nice, disengaged with people maybe.  Huh, I don't know... Maybe I am needy... Haha!
My stylist is super nice. Didn't like my color the first time so she contacted me to come in and she would re do it. Love the color and the salon. They have great customer service and a nice salon.
Fish tacos were mediocre and had BBQ sauce!? Most disappointing taco place I've ever been to, especially since everybody had nothing but wonderful things to say. I don't know what the reviews are like for Bakersfield but the tacos are 10x better, along with the atmosphere and crowd.
Sorry Buddy! We love you! We have watched all your shows and feel like we know you and your family. But customer service at you Bakery in Las Vegas is the worst! We waited patiently to get our treats. My kids had your cupcakes and cookies! I asked for the eclairs which all are delicious! My husband order your famous cannoli and when we open our order the cannoli were missing. When we went back, the girl who ring me didn't believe me. We showed them the order minus the cookies and cupcakes my kids had already eaten. We were treated like criminals. After so much back and forth and showing our receipt and many dirty looks we got the cannolis. The most bitter cannolis we have eaten in our lives. Not going back to the Vegas location.
nice club, pop bottles is a must, especially if you're a group of dudes. and if you do, tip the man and get a table inside.\n\nneed more bathrooms cause the area in front is not moving, people are gonna get trampled one day. not much else to say.
I really enjoyed this place. I walked in just wanting to browse and 30 minutes later I left with a bottle of oil and vinegar. \n\nThe store keeper was very knowledgeable and spent lots of time with explaining the subtle differences among their products and allowing me to taste around 7 or 8 different oils and vinegars...it was a great experience.\n\nI'll definitely be back once I need more!
This place is a joke people here are so slow. Paid $17 for one slice of avocado on toast and coffee and waited over 15 mins. It was not even busy. No line. Everyone is just standing around talking and my order was sitting around. The guy taking orders with tattoos on his arm was just chatting everyone and did not even look and follow up on what was happening. Don't recommend.
Now that I found out I can't eat wheat, I learned there is only one thing on the menu that is gluten-free.  Because of what this restaurant stands for, I would expect a little more.  Everything else is great though.
Great food, decently priced, and generous portions. However, I do not recommend ordering for pickup or delivery. My wife and I have ordered here religiously, (because we love the food) but the experience has been less than favorable. Delivery takes over an hour, which would be fine if the order was delivered as ordered. It seems every other order has been incorrect or cold. \n\nThe last order we placed came 72 minutes after being placed, was cold and they had forgotten our beverages. I called to inquire and check on the possibility of the beverages being delivered, and the response I had gotten was that they wouldn't be delivered. My money would not be refunded. They offered to give me free beverages on my next delivery, but I'll never order again. There have been too many mistakes and inconsistencies with delivery, so I'd only recommend this location for a dine in experience.
Review coming soon!\n\nGreat experience!\n\nUpdate:\n8\/11\/16\n\nMy second time getting an oil change. The staff is very helpful with great customer and fast service! Overall, this is my go-to for changing your oil. Thank you Valvoline!
I've been here three times and had a different sandwich each time. This place is legit. And Veteran owned!
Food sucked.  Service was brutal. Two stars for location.  Ceviche was the worst I ever had.  Old Fashioned was good, dessert sucked. Not much good to say here.
We went to this place, from the opposite side of town because a good friend recommended it to us. The ribs were a little burnt and dry. The pork was good but nothing extraordinary. It might have been just a bad cooking day, but it's hard to justify the drive all the way there just to give them another chance.
Pie squared is the result of somebody having far too much money and far too little knowledge of marketing and branding. Having a theme is one thing but these guys take it way too far and not in a good way. I absolutely love pie but I couldn't even begin to like this place as hard as I tried.\n\nPie squared. The people who work there wear lab coats, get it? The menu is a periodic table of elements that is so intent on sticking to the theme of being a periodic table that it is nearly impossible to actually read it to place an order. The pies are square shaped, get it? I asked for a business card and guess what shape the card was in? Yeah a square.\n\nThe idea is good but the execution is terrible. It is in a dead space on Bloor street that hardly anybody walks by. The pie is dry and extremely small for the price you pay. It also sits under heat lamps for who knows how long while placing an order is far too reminiscent of trying to solve a high school math problem. \n\nIf pie is what you sell focus on making the best pie possible and leave the gimmicks to someone else.
Always loved their burgers! I always get the plain jane and sweet potato fries. Orders are fast and delicious. You'll always find their food truck somewhere around Vegas!
Horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!. What am I speaking on? Here let me tell All,  the fact that the source ripped me off on my gram that i just bought.  Came directly home open to inspect,  low & behold what do I find one bottle has a gram and one bottle Might, seriously might,  have 1\/2 gram\nWhen I called I was treated as an idiot and basically brushed off. How was i, like this,  (you don't what your talking about we weigh put perfectly), OBVIOUSLY YOU DIDN'T,  LIEERS, CHEATERS\nNow I'm well aware of fraudulent people in world, and you just don't know who's lying to you,  got that, does this give right to treat All are ignorant, NO, HECK NO!!! The source could have at least consider a mistake on their part and apologized, maybe ask to compensate, I don't know, something, this is a business right, and satisfying the customer Is the goal to keeping business open,  yes here I'll answer for everyone, Yes!\nOK well I truly hope ALL who read this will pause before goin to "the source dispensary", because you WILL Not get proper service and you will Not get amount you are paying for, you Will get shorted and then they WILL not apologize or treat you kindly.  Good luck to all you venture to this place
Went here looking for pieces for a costume I was working on. The staff was very nice and the store is clean and well organized. The prices seem a bit high, as I have been to a number of Army Surplus stores lately looking for various outfit pieces.
Says they deliver until 2am. Called at 12:30am and they were a bit rude about telling me they had already stopped delivery. Maybe high expectations on my part but if you advertise certain hours they should be honored......still hungry.
Gross,gross, gross!   Stinks and food sucks..... Wouldn't go back if food was free!  I dont know how they stay open. Made me gag.
Did the Buffets of Buffets. 24 hour buffet pass for 5 different hotels. By far the best buffet was Le Village at the Paris Hotel. Just come for the desserts. Probably the best Flan my family have ever tasted (and we like flan) - so rich and melt in your mouth smooth and creamy. But the macaroons and creme brûlée were definitely a very close second. The prime rib, stuffed lamb and crab legs were excellent (better than the others). The setting was also fun and unique. \n\nBreakfast was also worth it. Amazing scrambled eggs and delicious carved back bacon, as well as ham and sausage!! Crepes made to order!! \n\nIf I were doing Buffet of Buffets again this would be Breakfast, lunch and dinner
My mom wanted to go out for Mexican food for her birthday and after a long search for somewhere that was birthday-nice, I found La Catrina in Brampton. This is THE BEST dining experience I have ever had with my family. \n\nThe staff are very kind and Chef Eduardo was happy to accommodate my parents, my mom is strictly vegetarian and my dad will eat a little chicken on the rare occasion but no fish or other meat. \n\nWE ALL LOVED THE FOOD. \n\nFor appetizers we had the aguachile (best shrimp I've had in my life - I could eat it every day) and the queso fundido with poblano peppers (my parents devoured it).  \n\nFor our main courses, we ordered a puntas de res (beef platter), 2 conchita pibil (pulled pork platter), the chicken enchiladas, and my mom got the gorditas (they were stuffed with refried beans and guacamole and some other stuff as a vegetarian option. I tried them and they were wonderful). The pulled pork was moist and flavourful and the cactus salad (I substituted it for my rice) was really refreshing.  \n\nThe food itself is not spicy but the three sauces they bring to your table were AMAZING and the perfect amount of spicy. We finished them off! A server that wasn't even assigned our table brought us more when we ran out. And when we asked for boxes for our leftovers our server brought little containers so my mom could take the leftover sauces home too! I told our server that we were celebrating my mom's birthday, and how much she loved the sauces, and the little containers she brought out just made my mom's day. I told her the food was amazing and we had a wonderful time and would definitely be back! She said she would let the chef know.  \n\nThen the chef came out to chat with us! He's a very nice man and a talented chef. He's also very humble, saying that they are his grandmother's recipes! And honestly, I've never had food like it so you know that's a family that knows good food and takes pride in doing it right. \n\nWe were all too stuffed to try any of the desserts but before we could pay for the bill our server and a third server came out with a piece of the tres leches cake with a candle in it for my mom! She was thrilled and the cake was incredibly moist and just the right amount of sweetness. They even played their traditional birthday song over their sound system for my mom, which was absolutely lovely of them. \n\nIf you want generic, bland food with no personality that's prepared with no passion don't go to La Catrina - go to a chain and enjoy the mundane. If you want to go somewhere to make some memories while eating delicious food in a friendly environment then go to La Catrina. This is the kind of place that deserves to make it big and the staff are the kind of people who know how to treat their customers like they matter. \n\nNeedless to say - I plan on returning and will keep on spreading the word! If anyone from La Catrina reads this, thanks again for making my mom's birthday so wonderful for her. I wish your restaurant ALL the success!
The service (ask for Matt) was tremendous...perhaps the best experience we've had with a server in Phoenix. Prices aren't cheap, but the quality is terrific, both in drinks and food. I recommend the Mojito and the pernil tacos. I'm glad this place is walking distance.\n\nOnly quibble: the techno beats fits the decor, but I wasn't into it.
Super delicious. The banh mi has all the punching string flavors all contained in a think crisp soft bun. The meat was soft and amazingly tender. This will be a regular stop for me
Update: Went for our Weekly Sushi trip and I have to say that the last visit must have been a fluke. Service was amazing, food was excellent and Sashimi tasted like I was living in Hawaii again! We love this place and are so happy we live so close! :)
wonderful, delicious, fresh food. at first the menu seems like nothing special - what you'd expect on an applebees menu, except the food is awesome!\n\nLet me tell you about the best steak I've ever had. Aged beef, seared to perfection, and it just melts everywhere in your mouth. No chewing necessary. Found here. \n\nAnyways, I highly suggest this place if your in the area. It's a great addition to the Nugget and Fremont St.
Pretty good food and service overall. I got the crab Spinach dip for an appetizer and wasn't disappointed (needed more chips) and had the fresh artic char blackened with mashed potatoes and mixed veggies. Never had artic char but it was pretty similar to salmon but a little milder. Price is high but it's pretty upscale and a lot of quality goes into the food.
Never had a bad experience in this restaurant.... my personal favorite is Red Curry Fried Rice. A great place to try something new and be sure that it will taste amazing. Had viatnamese crepe and thai noodle soup and they were fantastic. Be prepared  to wait though.
They don't accept cash at night and the employees are really rude. Would probably never go there again
Love the bbq duck as its pretty juicy and not dry.  Would come again during lunch which I had the roasted duck and roasted pork. Price is pretty reasonable too.
This place is awesome! My dog loves it and I get great customer service every time I come in. My dog hates when I give her baths so I can imagine how difficult she is but when I get her after the grooming she is so happy. You can tell they really love dogs here!
My boyfriend and I went to Charr for restaurant week. We were a little early for our reservation, so we sat at the bar. The bartender was really nice and lively. I ordered a cocktail off their menu and it was pretty good. \n\nWhen we sat down for our meal it took some time for our server to get to us. She came to us and asked if we had been helped since we already had drinks. I guess the hostess didn't inform her?  We ordered crab cakes for our appetizer, the portabella burger with truffle fries for me and steak with marsalla sauce with potato cake and asparagus for the boyfriend, and bread pudding with Bourbon blueberries for dinner. This is the reason I'm giving this place 3 stars: service was really slow! Another couple sat next to us after we were seated and they got their food before us. I'm not sure if it was because of the steak we ordered, but it was a long time until we got our main course. The actual food tasted good, but nothing to die for really. Also, their tap water tasted a bit off. Maybe it wasn't filtered? Eek..\nJust like this rating, my experience at Charr was A-Ok.
I really like chipotle.  They are far superior to moes and qdoba.  I highly recommend a burrito with rice, black beans, fajita mix, pico, hot sauce, sour cream and cheese. Always fast and hot food
3.5 Stars\n\nHappy Hour was awesome!  Great deals, and my margarita was loaded with alcohol.  The tacos are small, but pretty good, I recommend the chicken ones on happy hour.  Great atmosphere, great service, but would like to see cheaper prices for say the quesadilla and more tacos for the money (I think not on happy hour two small tacos are like $6 and the quesadilla is always about $9 and it's huge, doesn't make sense).
A group of close friends chose The Elm Tree based on the Yelp reviews. This was a quick dinner before going to a nearby show and we all agreed that on the next visit we would be spending more time to do it justice. The service was simply top notch from entry to quick exit. The dishes were uniformly spectacular with honorable mention to the duck risotto. We did not have time to order wine but the list was more than adequate with a few that I dearly would have loved to try. As it was, there is a selection of craft beers that hit the right notes. The ambiance is sophisticated without being overwhelming. Perfect for a date night but comfortable enough for a group. I will absolutely be back to try it under a less pressing schedule but good to know they can accommodate that also.
If you have a family DONOT MOVE HERE. New dictating management is enforcing a policy that does not allow children to be outside without a supervisor 18yr or older at all times. The children here which are several have not done anything to cause this to my knowledge. I guess BREPRoperties wants to take a new direction with these apartments. Old staff was great but looks like a restructure to me. Makes me wonder whats next.
Got the Cookie Monster here. The ice cream portions are huge. The flavor is creamy and not too sweet. Definitely must try. Presentation of the ice cream is great. They are Instagram worthy.
First time didn't know what to expect. All i know is I was craving sushi. Walked in and loved the design of the place. Had a Chipotle vibe to it but for sushi and bowls of course. Service was awkward since it's teens working behind the counter and they lacked charisma and communication. Now to the food: sushi was decent. The seaweed however was very chewy and took me awhile to swallow. Again, teens made my sushi maybe they're new but definitely will try this place out again.
Not really custard.  Good ice cream.  Not Rita's or Frostbites!
I don't see myself visiting Vegas again, but if I do, I will most assuredly go here.\n\nMon Ami Gabi has an ambiance that must be felt, rather than seen.  What other casinos try to emulate, Gabi delivers--a next-best-thing Parisian experience, rather than eating expensive shitty pasta at the Palaccio or god knows what at New York, New York.\n\nMy friends and I were moderately dressed up (no ties, or heels) and did not feel out of place or unwelcome for a moment.  The lighting is very flattering and cozy-feeling, and our server (who was the human embodiment of espresso, or perhaps cocaine) made us feel very welcome and comfortable.\n\nMeal starts with free baguettes which don't stun, but hey, there's a gorgeous and well-curated wine cart.  Cut whatever carb-related losses you have and order the French onion soup (divine, and made with cognac).  I had the mussels and the fries which were both truly scrumptious.  Other friends orders the scallops (four out of five), wild boar pasta (five out of five), and a sirloin (six out of five) that even my pescetarian self had to have a bite out of.  They know their way around a cut of beef here, selecting prime cow only, a bone-in cut, with a perfect outside char\/sear and blood red middle.  It. Was. Amaze.\n\nDon't sit on the patio or you're missing the ambiance.  Do hit up that wine cart more than once.  While we did order the bananas foster crepe, I'm not sure I would order it again.  I'd probably try the escargot or order oysters.\n\nBon appetite.  Or some other cliché.
Free wifi, lots of shopping, convenient 28X Airport Flyer into town, and generally not too many delays (this of course does not include weather-related delays, which you can't really blame on the airport).\n\nCons: \n\n*Not many flights in\/out of this airport.  There are very few nonstop flights available and airfare is consistently high for this airport.\n*Airport is pretty outdated looking.  Not a big deal functionally, but not so exciting to look at.\n*Security lines are always SO LONG.  (I fly a lot for work, so I'm basing this on flying into many different airports about 2-4 times a month).\n*Also traffic from the airport into the city, since there's basically only one way in.
The entire crew at Grouchy John's is amazing. They make you feel so welcome and appreciated. The service is top notch. The decor inside is awesome. Their drinks are so original and delicious!!! They have everything you can think of. I highly recommend this place to everyone.
This place was poppin' at 1pm on a Saturday! Seating was jampacked!\n\nFish tacos: I found it odd that they plated the 2 tacos on two separate plates. Poor servers had to juggle more plates!! No sides but it's ok since you just get 2 tacos piled high with grilled fish, slaw and mango! Deliciousness increased two-fold with the slathering on of the tiger sauce they had available for use by the shoyu.\n\nSpicy Ahi Poke: Paired with incredible taro chips! This was a great app to start off the meal.\n\nGrilled Fish plate: Hubby's entree...he seemed to enjoy it! I thought it was very random to have a slice of tomato with shredded cheese on top haha. \n\nCoconuts is definitely a solid lunch spot! I wouldn't say it was anything too unique or earth-shattering but everything was well-done and enjoyable.
Let me clarify that my previous review was in regards to purchasing a car and this one is about service...  I ended up purchasing a Hyundai Accent elsewhere but now my wheel bearing or something (really -- I'm a girl, I don't know this crap!) is making way too much noise when I drive so I brought it in.  Not only am I bursting with happiness that it's covered under warranty but they have the most delicious hot chocolate here that I will shamefully admit to drinking six cups (still waiting so it might be more in my future...) while I've been waiting plus they have a great WiFi signal so I can stay on top of work!  Bonus!  Everyone has been prompt, friendly and helpful. EDIT: I love this place! I came in for my right wheel bearing and they ended up replacing the right AND left!  They also said I need another repair and they went ahead and ordered the part so I get it done before I'm past 60,000 on my warranty which will happen in the next few weeks!  Yay!
I've been to Stone Peppers on a number of occasions and overall, the food an service have been good in the restaurant.  They have a large selection of pizzas, sandwiches and salads that all have fresh, quality ingredients, and it is a relaxed atmosphere.  \n\nMy review would be better overall, but the bar has never been a good experience for me.  On one occasion, I went with a friend during a Penguins playoff game.  It was crowded, but not excessively so.  Since no tables at the bar were available and all the stools were taken, we stood near the bar and waited.  It was next to impossible to get any of the bartenders to respond to order drinks.  We ran into some other friends who were sitting at the bar and had requested more beers and had been waiting for 20 minutes for their drinks.  I had another similar experience when the bar was not crowded; the bartenders just seem to not be interested in serving customers.  In both cases it seemed like they were more interested in talking to their friends or flirting with regulars.  \n\nI'll go back for the restaurant, but never again for the bar.
Jesus Christ. This place. I'm not religious, but if they served these sandwiches at a church, I'd ask to be baptised. I already come here at least once a week.\n\nThe sandwiches:\nMy favourite sandwiches are the turkey and the smoked chicken. The fried tomato (completely vegetarian) is amazing too. These are not mere sandwiches. They can easily fuel you for five-six hours. Especially the turkey.\n\nThe fries:\nI don't know how the chef makes his fries, but damn, the crispy salty potato skin on them is to die for.\n\nThe soup:\nI'm not a huge fan of soups in general, but I was a bit under the weather the other day, and I had a bowl of the leek and potato soup and that stuff got me rolling again, so there's that. As good as everything else, which is to say, pretty damn good.\n\nDon't just try this place. Make it part of your routine.
When we flew to Vegas to buy a used Chevy SSR we saw advertised, we weren't expecting good service based on a few Yelp reviews. Turns out the customer service is very good. \nThe dealership is attractive, & I immediately noticed 2 huge posters on the wall in the showroom proclaiming their vow to treat customers with the utmost respect. I was impressed. \nThe internet sales rep, Lee Bueno, was informed, professional & very friendly. Like I said, he was very knowledgable about the car & the sales process. We negotiated a fair price with Lee & never felt pressured or uncomfortable. \nThe finance manager, Kevin Aviles, was also friendly & professional. The process with him was efficient & relatively quick. Although we were at the dealership for about 3 hours, including the test drive & inspection, it didn't seem long or tedious. \nit's probably not fair to withhold a star based on their coffee, which was not good, I was going to do that. It's a beautiful dealership & worthy of a Kuerig or other fresh coffee. If their coffee was good, it's an easy 5 stars. . I would do business with this dealership anytime & trust Lee to be fair. \nPs after we drove home to San Diego, my husband realized he had only received 1 key. He called Lee, Lee called the previous owner & 3 days, we had the 2nd key. That's great service!
For the price i paid and the quality of the food it was a great deal. I had more then a buffet. I had a feast! Service was good and the food was decent for the price. I cant complain. The ice cream the sake the sushi the tempura. All very good in my opinion. Def. worth stoping in when im in Vegas. Lots of parking, casual atire and prettty much just bring your apetite with you to make it worth it!
In the day and age of suburban strip mall day spas, Vegas is perhaps the leader of them all.  If the first industry in Vegas is gaming and tourism, then the beauty spa industry has got to be a close second.  Having said all of that, one could go to just about any strip mall for a full service day of beauty in Las Vegas.  But what sets Pamper Me Spa & Salon apart from all the rest is that its prices cannot be beat.\n\nI've had the pleasure of getting my mani\/pedi, hair and brows done here, sometimes on the very same day!  These services make me a regular (these roots don't stay brown on their own ya know!).  They offer bottled water while you get whatever service you need done.  In this blazing heat, bottled water is a welcomed treat.  The spa is bright and colorful, Peter (the owner) is very warm and welcoming and knows your name after your second visit.  \n\nThe full service spa includes massages, body wraps, salt glow scrubs, and facials and I intend to try some of these, if not all of these things out very soon!  They even offer two types of reasonably priced internal cleansing systems for those who wish to beautify within: ionic detoxification and colon hydrotherapy.  The prices are so right, I may just have to do some internal housekeeping and beautification.\n\nMani\/pedis start at $37, they do great gel nails, both liquid and powder (gel is $55 and powder is $45), silk wraps plus acrlyics (pink and whites are $45).  For those of you living in the northwest, I highly suggest you give them a try.  Pamper Me Spa & Salon is located on North Rancho and Craig in the Smith's shopping center.  After your day of beauty, I suggest you go across the street to the Draft House for a tall cool one (your choice of spirits) and an appetizer while the patrons marvel at your polished fabulousity.  Enjoy!
My brother and I each had the breakfast sandwich on a croissant and split the cinnamon French toast.  The croissant was flakey, buttery and absolutely delicious. We both loved the cinnamon french toast, which is served with a small cup of whipped cream and thinly sliced strawberries.  There was also a small cup of syrup but I could not tell if it was maple or some other flavor as I used very little of it.  The cinnamon bread was thickly sliced and had a nice balance between sweetness and the cinnamon.\n\nI enjoyed our meal so much, two days later I went back for a bowl of Tomato Bisque soup!  I really enjoyed the soup and can't wait to go back and try their other flavors!  \n\nLike another reviewer, I was also confused by the bad reviews.  They DO have combinations now and I don't consider their pricing to be out of line.  I found the staff to be friendly and helpful and did not have long to wait for my order.
Walked in and everyone was very friendly, we were seated fast and I never had an empty drink or ran out of chips, food was great and the beer was cold and crisp. Anyone wanting good mexican food I highly recommend you won't be disappointed
This is the second time we have taken our large mixed breed rescue dog to Above and Beyond.  They were recommended by neighbors who frequently bring their dogs here.  Both times we were very pleased.  Our dog was happy to be there and we feel he was treated well by the expert groomers.  His cut is perfect.  The staff are considerate and friendly.  We have found our groomers!
Was here for breakfast with a group of friends. Neat diner\/deli environment. Old school...  \n\nService was A+. We had an outstanding waitress yet the others would check to make sure our drinks were filled on an ongoing basis. The food...  Wow!  I had the hash which was incredible!  Others at the table had French Toast, salmon, and a scramble. All were delicious. \n\nThe only regret I have is not going to this place while I lived in Phoenix. I'm definitely going back next time in town.
Had a haircut with Katt yesterday my first time in while working in PHX for the summer. Without giving her too much direction, she totally nailed it. She was friendly without asking awkward or banal questions, listened exactly to what I had to say, and took the time to make sure her detail was on. I'm sad I won't be around to return.
Our bachelorette party decided to have dinner here with a group of 6 girls.  The restaurant is beautiful! It's on top of the world! J\/K.  Amazing view of LV from the windows.  The dining area was a little difficult to find because when we got off the elevator--- there was the lounge and bar area and we had to walk through this area to get to the dining room.  There is outdoor dining but we sat inside.  We were seated immediately even though 2 girls were extremely late.  We had a table near the curtain made of glass.  Our server was very charming and accommodating.  The 2 girls were 30+ minutes late which was very rude but staff was good about it and never gave us any grief.  The mgr was very sweet also, he helped with taking order when our server was busy and also took pictures for us.  The food was better than I expected.  I didn't know what I was going to get with this restaurant but it turned out to be very good.  I ordered a cocktail which I enjoyed.  My entree was really good from what I can remember.  We were on a time crunch because we had to be somewhere else so we didn't get dessert.  Again, would definitely recommend if you haven't been.  Try it out for yourself...you can't beat the view.
I had a super impressive experience at this Panera yesterday. I ordered the Mac n Cheese. It is so creamy and delicious. Towards the bottom of my bowl there was a small piece of plastic. Sort of like the kind you would find on a freezer bag. I handed to the manager walking by. She did not say much when I gave it to her so at first I was kind of miffed. Then in a few minutes she returned with a cash refund for me. She apologized for what happened and I was happy with her response. What happened next was what really impressed me. A young man came out from behind the counter with a fresh meal for me. Knowing I had eaten most of my food already he brought some to go containers as well. They went above and beyond to make sure I was taken care of.
Great place! The food is delicious, fresh, and beautifully presented. The staff are very friendly and kind. Everything we had was very good - will definitely be going back again!
I am so glad I got to see this show before it finished. Unlike my husband, I found it to be completely glorious. Eye candy at its finest whether you're a fan of costuming, theater in general, or the Disney version of Hamlet. \n\nGoing into the show knowing the film inside and out, I genuinely wondered how they were going to stage certain parts of the film - it just seemed like it would be too difficult. But alas, I was pleasantly surprised at all of it, especially the epic wildebeest stampede scene. Simply marvelous! It was intense and visually stunning, which is also a great way to sum up the show in general. \n\nThe actors were amazing, specifically the woman playing Rafiki. She was so awesome and funny! She really stole the show. Same with Timon and Pumbaa - I really loved Pumbaa's costume, but thought Timon could have been done differently. The hyenas were also a treat.  I also loved how they threw in little extras, like Vegas jokes. \n\nThis show did have an intermission, but I didn't find it to be that bad. I think the show's length was perfect. I really loved also how the entire theater was the stage, and how when you were coming into the auditorium they already had the band playing their drums and really setting the scene. \n\nDid I mention the costumes? Oh my god, the costumes. Intricate and beautiful and so modern. I could not stop drooling, they were gorgeous. \n\nI found this show to be completely delightful and worth every penny. Music, actors, costumes, staging, everything was perfection. It really is a masterpiece and something to be seen. It did live up to the hype for me and was a very well done representation of the classic Disney film. I wish more Broadway would come to Vegas, and I am sad to see this show go as I knew a few of the cast members and they were totally sweet and awesome people who were also bummed out about having to leave. Mandalay Bay really screwed that one up, but hopefully something equally awesome will go in its place. If I ever get the chance to see this show again I will definitely take that opportunity. Farewell, Lion King!
I really wanted to love this place but there were some problems. To start the sangria is watered down and with it being 20 bucks, it is not worth 5 in my opinion.\n\nThe snails have a garlicky cheese sauce and were amazing, must try.  \n\nIn an attempt to find a cheese I had in Portugal I got their grilled cheese with the peri peri sauce.  It's not bad worth a try.\n\nSardines, one of the waitresses recommended adding balsamic to these and wow it was great.\n\nThe gizzards with a gravy, now these are chicken gizzards and have a beef tasting gravy.  It really didn't do it for me.  Beef and chicken two separate flavors that need to be separate.\n\nThe paella well it was soupy and tomato based need I say more.
Amazing food, always awesome customer service, and the restaurant is immaculately clean. The best place in town for great quality, fresh, and healthy food. I have tried a lot of different things on the menu, and I can't complain about a single dish, everything is delicious!
3.5\n\nWhile I'm almost a fan, I should have paid better attention to the name of the restaurant when ordering.  Had it been Julio's Mexican Food & Other Stuff, my order would have been a wise choice.  But instead I ordered a carne asada quesadilla made by David who specializes in hamburgers.\n\nIn all fairness to David, it was not bad.  I'm not a big quesadilla person, but the Mexican plates seemed to large for me to consume and expect to walk around the arts festival afterward.  And if I can't take it home, I'm inclined to stuff it down.  I didn't care for the meat in the quesadilla (not the seasoning, but the actual flavor of the meat itself was odd), but it was perfectly buttery and toasty and full of cheese and veggies as well.  My husband's hamburger, however, looked great and I was full of envy as I watched him finish it in record time.  That envy quickly turned to resentment as he sampled my quesadilla and remarked "yep, mine's better."  He would pay for his insensitivity later that afternoon.  I like that they will add flavorings to your soft drink, but my Cherry Coke needed more cherry flavoring and the addition of a cherry would be nice.\n\nI do love that this restaurant has not be redesigned to fit into the trend of turning "Old Town" into North Scottsdale, from the big counter on one side to the vinyl booths on the other.  I just think I'll still with burgers and shakes.  Well, who am I kidding?  I'll order David's Mexican food again.  I can't turn down anything in a tortilla.
Always carry your dog in and out of the wash and drying tables. NEVER let them jump. It's slippery and dogs have been injured. I don't get how in the world this place doesn't have steps. Other than that major safety precaution, the employees r helpful and give excellent service
Excellent food, perfect service.  We had a party of 6 and ordered the foie gras, escargots and cheese plate as our appetizers.  All were really great, but the foie gras stole the show.   For our entrees we had the lamb, filet, trout and veal.  Everyone really enjoyed their meals.  I personally had the filet (which is prime beef by the way... only a few restaurants in Charlotte even offer prime!) and it was like velvet.   For desert we had the crème brulee and it was about the best I've ever had.  The table also ordered the chocolate mousse and the cheesecake and both went over very well.\n\nThis restaurant, for me, is among the top 3 in Charlotte.  I can't wait to go back.  The prices are reasonable, the mood is unpretentious, the service is top notch and the food is just excellent.
The only reason they even earned the 1 star is because one of the employees provided a high chair to my girlfriend during one of their rare appearances they made to tend to our table. \n\nWe had a family gathering here for my nephews 10th birthday. My 80 year old grandmother who was only attending for the joy of celebrating with her family was not allowed in without paying for a full price buffet even though she had no intentions of eating. After speaking to a "manager" they decided to allow her entry but only after being forced to pay a $2 fee... unacceptable...\n\nNONE of the food was stocked. When we asked where the food was we got nothing but attitude from the kids working who seemed like we were bothering them by asking for the food we paid for. There were 10 different kids of desserts listed, 7 of which were empty. We were told the items had to be made and one hour later they made EIGHT cinnamon rolls. There is three times that amount of people in our party alone. \n\nThe silverware, trays and plates were not clean at all. You do get what you pay for but for the $12 (that you're forced to pay to celebrate a family members birthday) you shouldn't have to worry about hygiene and germs. This place is literally disgusting, unaccommodating and should be ashamed of themselves for the way they treated my grandmother.
yummm pad thai\ngreat food, great service, relatively cheap for the quality of the food you're getting. it can get expensive if you want to try all the things they have to offer. Best to go in a group to split the cost and not waste food because its a sizable serving.
I wish I could give Neezie 10 stars. I did my research and had to wait 2 months for my appt with her and it was worth every penny to have my brows done by the best. She is so sweet, professional and I felt 100% confident in her as soon as we met and consulted about my brows. I knew they would be super dark and thick immediately but continued to take care of them as she instructed me and now they are perfectly healed and exactly what I wanted them to be. My only problem is that the procedure itself hurt bad. From my previous friends who have had their brows done by others, they felt no pain so I'm not sure if her numbing cream is sufficient enough. She was very quick tho, I would say only took 30 minutes to actually carve in my brows after consult and preliminary drawing, but she works faster than most other microbladers that take about 2 hours.  Her price is very fair, $400 with a small deposit to book your appointment. I'm not sure why other complained that their brows did not last, my assumption is that others were impatient and picked the scabbing. I just put coconut oil on mine every night and they healed just as expected.  Can't wait for my touch up!
I used to be all about Edge fitness. But have learned at this point that their accounting team does NOT know what they're doing. I had a membership with them for 3 years+. And have always had problems with my account. Unable to find my name ( and being hassled that I don't have an account), no contact info (which is required to sign up), autopayments not coming out when they should (leading up to a similar situation to below). \n\nAt this point it's worth the move across the street to Snap Fitness. \n\nTwo months ago my credit card was stolen. On the arrival of my new card, I made the mistake of forgetting to update my gym... Fair enough. That's my responsibility. But I never received ONE phone call or update that my account had not been paid for the first or even second month. No biggie. At some point I would expect a call or at least a letter of non payment. Instead, I get a phone call from a collections agency! I had to pay $115 because of TWO months of no payment?! Even doctors offices aren't that ruthless. A simple mistake on my end. My responsibility, I get that. But collections THAT quick? That's just bad customer service. And it was sent directly to collections with no effort of making the client (me) aware of nonpayment. My membership is $19.99 a month. I only owed $40. A simple phone call, email, or letter for awareness would have handled the situation, saved my $70 unnecessarily spent dollars, and kept a long term customer. \n\nWay to take care of your customers Edge.
Great place to drink and have fun. Especially with such a great bartender like chuck! The food was great the drinks were even better. Thanks Chuck for making it such a geat night.
St he location is super cute, artsy. The food and service was wonderful. If your looking for really good Thai this is the place to go. Not too far from the strip.
Just got my first delivery moments ago. I had to dive right into the beet salad. I am an uber fan of beet salads and always order them when they are on a menu. So, I know my beet salads. I loved Chefery's!  So fresh.  Usually you have to pick around a few questionable greens, not here. Everything in this salad had attention paid to it. I can't wait to try all the other items in my order. Beautifully packaged, with great\/simple instruction for warming the entrees. Chefery will be on my weekly meal planning.
My wife and I are open minded and enjoy a raunchy show but this show was stupid and childish. They made sex jokes that were immature and plain stupid. We walked out 35 minutes into the show and requested our money back as we couldn't believe this is a long running Vegas show. \n\nIf you are going to see a show, trust me, you may need drugs to enjoy this show because it is not entertaining. \n\nOffended? No. Just smart enough to know when a show is not enjoyable.
The coffee is fine the service is horrific.  Minimum 10-15 minutes for coffee every morning.  They have to get the service issues fixed ASAP.  People have no sense of urgency or customer service skills.
The staff is very helpful and nice to work with.  They resolved my computer issues and I had my computer back in 2 days.  Also for less $ than estimated.  Computer works great.
Don't shop here. You ask for an item and the older man with glasses is so rude!! He claims not to understand I'm sure when asking for a Raiders item is not hard to understand. If they can't appreciate a sports fan they should not be in business!!!
Lemon Grass Chicken - juicy! Me like! \n\nPho was ok!
I've been here only once and I definitely would return. If only I lived in Richmond hill! \n \nWe came here on a Saturday afternoon to grab some bbts to go. The store is cute and unique, I love that rustic feel to it, as well as the cute little drawings of the tapiocas on the wall. Unfortunately the store is tiny and can't really seat too many people. Therefore I would recommend going with a small group (i.e. By yourself or with just one other friend). Customer service was good, they introduced us to their tea leaves and let us sniff a couple of them. This is the first bubble tea place where I'm 100% confident that they use real tea. In addition, they make their own tapioca from scratch.\n\nIn terms of their tea, I ordered the iron goddess milk tea. The taste of the tea was rich (might be because I just saw their tea leaves and it's just a placebo effect?) and the milk wasn't overly sweetened. All tapiocas taste the same to me so I can't really comment on them.\n\nMy friends ordered the royal no.9 milk tea. It really wasn't my cup of tea. I don't quite get the appeal of adding milk to fruit flavored tea, but since it's so popular, there must be something good about it. \n\nThe price of the bbts are on par with chatime's \/ goncha's. Who are we kidding, good bbts are all expensive.
My friend used to have a premier membership. We were here trying renew it so that we can start making purchases here again. Since my friend owns a business, we want to have a regular business membership. We showed her various proof that we are the business owner and she still turned us down. Fine...we want regular membership to avoid all the hassle. Then..she turned around trying to up sell is the premier membership again. When I asked her for the detail since the price is pretty much double, she became very impatient with me. My friend didn't want to bother with the detail so he wanted to just sign up and start shopping. When we were ready to pay for it, she told us they only accept several types of payments which we didn't carry with us. After 15 minutes of that, we basically just walked out of there. I gave it a one star for the lack of care for the customer, the hassle\/inconvenient that they make customer goes thru, and how horrible this place has made us feel after we were gone.
I loved this place. My first time going and I felt so welcome. Lynette did my hair and did an amazing job. She made sure everything was perfect before letting me go. I found my new home for my hair and nails.
I've been here several times and just finally got the time to tell everyone about the delicious food this place has to offer. \n\nI have eaten a variety of their plates and everything has been amazing. Their cocktail shrimp is great. Shrimp and Pescado ceviche is clutch! I enjoyed every bite. Camarones a la crema de broccoli is amazing. I thought it sounded weird at first, but once I digged in I wanted more after each bite. I really want to try every plate!\n\nMy 5 year old nephew is a VERY picky eater. I don't think he's ever tried seafood and liked it, but I somehow got him (okay forced him) to have camarones a la plancha once. Whabam! He LOVED the camarones a la plancha. He refuses to eat any other shrimp if it isn't like how playa hermosa prepares them.\n\nWent during happy hour and got SUPER CHEAP Negra Modelo. They have soccer games playing, so enjoy a nice michelada or beer watching your favorite team. \n\nThe service is great too. The owners are super nice. They really care about their customers. \n\nThe place is in shady looking area, but don't let that frighten you. The place is a diamond in the rough.
Terrific service and great authentic food! Fresh guacamole made at your table.  Despite being super busy the waiter noticed I got a red smothered tamale and offered to replace it! Shows attention to customer and detail. When\nI come to Vegas I will always come here to eat! Yum!!!!
Definitely go for a combination if you're hungry. A bowl of ramen and one sushi roll is the perfect amount. The lady working behind the counter was extremely courteous and polite! I came in on Friday for lunch with a group of 6 and surprisingly we were the only party. The menu is just a tiny bit confusing, but she makes sure you understand it. Ask her what her favorite is!\n\nI recommend getting thick noodle versus thin as the thick noodle has a good bite to it. All bowls come with standard toppings which are listed on the menu. The (tonkotsu) broth was nice and crisp; not as heavy as other places. I LOVE the bamboo shoots--very crunchy! The sushi is a pretty good size. Don't expect a typical sushi roll you get from AYCE. It's about 6 inches total in length and is cut in half.\n\nI would definitely come back to try other rolls and appetizers.
Staff and food are right on the money, if you're feeling glum you can be certain you'll leave here with a smile. Not only is the food out of this world, fresh home cooked cuisine bursting with flavour and personality, but so are the people who serve it to you. Try a homemade sausage roll, any of the delicious soups or stews, and if you're feeling peckish in the morning the bacon rolls leave other establishments for dust.\n\n\n Food for the soul, for the shiny happy soul.
YASSSS. These doughnuts are exactly what your Monday morning needs... or really any morning to be honest! My husband and I tried three different doughnuts- coffee cake with coffee cream filling, maple bacon, and plain vanilla with sprinkles. All of the doughnuts were very soft, but retained their full and thick shape while eating. The coffee cake one was topped with coffee cake crumbles and icing. The toppings gave it the coffee cake crunch feeling, but with a soft and doughy touch. The filling was just perfect. It tasted like a coffee with a little cream in it, so it was just what I expected! The maple bacon one was so flavorful! I loved the flavor mix of sweet and salty. It also has the texture mix of fluffy and crispy, so all of your senses are intrigued. Finally, the plain vanilla with sprinkles was far from plain! The icing was just dripping off the doughnut and would melt in your mouth to give you that *drooling while smiling* sensation. \nAtmosphere is similar to any diner- metal and wood chairs with metal tables. The outside seating area is a great spot for your morning coffee and to just relax before starting your day. The staff is friendly and welcoming too! I highly recommend!!!
This place was just okay. A coupon arrived in the Mail-Pak (or whatever you call it) and I decided to give it a try since my poor feet were in bad need of a pedicure. The loss of one star is for the profound lack of nail color option, and another star for the short pedicure. It was just okay...I got it a week ago and already need another one. The chairs were comfortable and I was able to get one pretty quickly, but I don't think I'll get the pedicure from the coupon again. May as well spend the money...get what you pay for.
Love this place!  Where else can you go for Sunday brunch, have a Bobby Flay menu in front of you and a sports book behind watching your favorite game.  I can not comment on the broad menu however brunch was awesome, had the burger and a quesadilla to share.
Good consistent steak house.  Great decor and friendly staff.  Good wine list and scotch list.  Need more fish and steak specials....
A great intro to Thai food.  I've never eaten Thai before.  Waitress was very friendly and helpful in guiding me to an awesome first taste - Green Curry.  The decor was neat and clean.  I will be back.  Great food. Great service.  Pleasant decor.
Math Corner is an amazing addition to our community!!  \nMy daughter is in High School.  She kept complaining about her teachers in Math. She was struggling and we had already tried Kumon and Mathnasiam, both of which were of little to no help.  I read an article about the newly opened Math Corner.  They are very different, as most of their sessions are one on one tutoring.  They customize the program for each child's needs.  My daughter responded so well to this method of tutoring !!! She started getting A's on every Quiz and Test!  I highly recommend Math Corner!   It has made a huge difference.
There have been a few restaurants before Palate to try and make it in this space - which is hard to see from the main Pearl Road and hidden in the back - however I think the others went over the top on decor - wasn't there a fountain at one point in the original place?  and finally food quality suffered when diners weren't there to support the prices - \n\nWhat Palate has done very well is warm the place up - the couches on the side separated by a wall for diners on the other side is such a nice, comfortable set up - they are talking about offering a Happy Hour soon with some special prices\/ offers - \n\nServers are knowledgeable about the food being served and wine that should be paired - \n\nScallop entry was delicious - the scallops were some of the largest I have seen - yummm!\n\nThe menu had something for everyone, steak, lots of fish (my uncle had the salmon and said it was amazing!) then over to pheasant - I like it when a place offers some entrees you won't see on just any menu - \n\nI read some of the other reviews and think they are a bit harsh - the reality is you aren't dining in NYC - you are in a suburb of Cleveland that in my opinion has lacked some quality choices for dinner - are we really comparing Palate to the bar in South Park mall?  There is no comparision - the GM is such a nice guy - made it a point to come out and talk to our table - overall we had a wonderful evening with family\/ friends!  Definitely would recommend  to others - and definitely worth a try - keep your expectations realistic - it is clearly one of the BEST options in the southwest suburbs of the city - enjoy!
I woke up to a soaked carpet. Kevin quickly found the leak was under the slab. When I then found that my HOA covered slab leaks with their own plumber, Kevin gracefully backed out.\n\nI called him back later for a separate problem - a kitchen drain leak; it was quickly fixed by him.\n\nHe is knowledgeable, polite, and prompt. Highly recommended.
I would recommend Michelle's Bridal to anyone who is looking for a wedding dress. I felt gorgeous in my wedding dress. Delia, the store owner, is knowledgeable about the latest trends, and has plenty of dresses to choose from at an economic price. I found a dress at David's Bridal that I loved but was out of my price range. She was able to find a similar dress, and honestly it was better than the David's Bridal dress!  Also, she tailored it to fit my body. \nI felt completely beautiful on my wedding day thanks to Michelle's Bridal.
Ive tried this place twice now, and Ive yet to be terribly impressed. I absolutely love quality PHO and both trips to Pho Cao have made me wish I had went to my usual spot on the west side. I live in Old Town so this spot is convenient, but not much more than that. Service is ALWAYS slow, and forgetful. I have visited the old spot by the freeway, and now the new spot off of McDowell and both places were dark, dank and dive-y. I can appreciate a good dive bar, and even hole-in-the-wall type places, but this place seems to miss the mark on both. The Pho broth tastes like ramen broth. It isnt clear like good, slow simmered pho both is supposed to be. Pho Cao's broth is brown and the noodles are always clumped together in a ball at the bottom of the bowl. The spring rolls are decent but the peanut sauce is def from a jar. Its overtly sweet and tastes more like a peanut butter paste than sauce. Like I said, its not horrible, its just not a genuine pho restaurant. This is a karaoke joint that services hipsters who want to think they are eating genuine pho. Service is slow, and food is mediocre. I doubt I will return.
You cannot do better than Johnny Burrito for good food, fast! \n\nOwner, Johnny Bitten, is a WONDERFUL man and his employees have been there for as long as I can recall and they always seem happy. He has a lot of choices and they are not skimpy with toppings. \n\nI only have one check in here--I need to get better about that--but I eat here several times a month and am quick to recommend it to anyone new in my office. \n\nThe line might look long, but they are SUPER QUICK! \n\nYou can take it upstairs to the seating either in the Atrium or outside by the fountains as there is no seating at the actual shop, which I consider a plus!
The pizza here is pretty good.  You can order a preconceived pizza or customize your own.  Once it's built, its put in their oven and ready in about 5 minutes.    Service is fast, the food is fast. Like someone else mentioned, its a pizza place set up like a Chipotle assembly line. I got 2 custom pizzas, one red sauce and one white sauce. They were both equally good.
Fantastic, roomy but friendly coffee house in Ben Avon. Family friendly, games, out of the way areas for reading and they even have senior sewing circles. Great coffee and light fare. I often stop for a coffee and steel cut oats with cranberries and brown sugar or almonds. One of the best day starters. It's a coffee house where you can have conversations with strangers. Really an awesome spot.
Burger was small. Fries were ok. In n Out Burgers are better and half the price. Service was ok.
Was doing a scooter drive by and thought... that place looks cool!  Stopped in... place was a zoo. People were asking me "is this the line?" "How do I order?".... what do I know... my first time there. After about 15 minutes (yes I waited) one of the not so with it employees actually took my order. I got one of the holiday items, think it was a gingerbread cup cake. No where to sit, but stood at a strange little bar like table in the corner. One bit... stale and bland. Threw the rest in the trash. \n\nThe best part is I walk out the front door and standing there is a homeless guy asking for money?!!? Everyone in the store was so busy being confused, they would never notice.... pretty strange for this part of Scottsdale.\n\nOne tip, the place is all glass and it the AZ heat, might want to work on cooling the place down a bit. Won't return.
I travel to Scottsdale several times a year for work and I usually stay at this hotel.  It's definitely a business-friendly hotel. Lots of parking and very close to Scottsdale restaurants, shopping and nightlife. They do not have an actual restaurant on site, it's more like a kiosk with a limited menu, serving only breakfast and dinner\/appetizers.  No lunch.  Although the menu is minimal, the food is above average with very friendly service.   The lobby is really comfortable with different seating options and little cubby holes with personal TVs and couches, which I love because you can eat your meal and watch the tube, my two favorite things!  The pool area is pretty nice, however it's small.  The rooms are a little dated when compared to the lobby, however it's comfy and has everything you may need.  I'll be back again this Spring.
The place is pretty small and we were thankful we made reservations. I enjoyed the decor. Wait staff was nice, polite and friendly. I hate how alot of smaller places like this have you cramed right up beside the next table, but at least staff here tried to space people out as best as they could.  Now for me it was over priced for anything other than a plain burger. So we both got burgers. I asked to have muchrooms added to mine since I had a choice of swiss cheese, and either the waiter is new or thats a strange request..since the waiter acted like it may be an issue, and they may not have them ( in my head I'm thinking this suposed to be a place of meat, what do you mean you may not be able to add mushrooms) but as an Avid mushroom lover it wasn't strange to me. After checking with the chef he said it was not a problem  ( was charged 2bucks for them) my burger and fries were cooked perfectly even though I asked for ranch on the side and was told they did not have it(what!). ALSO my burger meat seemed much smallert than the bun.  The food was enjoyable, it was a comfortable relaxed setting. However I do believe for us this was just a one-time try.
NOTE: My review is based on the Gladstone as a venue and restaurant than as an actual hotel. Eventually I might do that but for now, no cigar. \n\nOver the years I have been here to see a few shows. Drink a few drinks, watch many women take their clothes off... It was Burlesque! People get your mind out of the gutter. This is a PG-13 review. \n\nAlso for Contact and just checking the general art they have on their floors. All in all, really good experiences.\n\nSo, the Gladstone realized they can live off just being a hotel, so they went the "we are a completely entertainment venue approach" and I would say they have done well. \n\nWith floors full of art, one lounge, one restaurant, one semi-large room for shows, a tiny hidden room for private parties and galleries and an overall cool attitude, I think they are doing well. \n\nPrices are a bit on the higher end of average, which of course I they are doing to keep a little of that "we are too-cool for school cache," that hipsters love and that every one else tries to justify with the exposed brick and retro decour and live music.\n\nAll in all I would say that it is definitely worth the visit if there are some shows you would like to check out. Not completely feeling it as far as a place to just drop by to hang out or as a watering hole. \n\nMaybe for me is the distance? Or the fact that at the end of all of things, aside from the actual size of the place you can find the same elsewhere? Not sure, but I would suggest you make your own choice and check it out. :)
Now that's what I call authentic.   Why drive 5-6 hours south when one step through these doors will make you feel like you just transported down South.  \n\nIt's located inside the Mercado, but don't let the outside detract.  This place has all the charm to Mexican Street shops with a fantastic little eatery inside.  The aroma hit my senses like if I was at Nana's house.  \n\nEverything, smelled absolutely delicious and you could tell it was made from scratch.  And it may have been football Sunday everywhere else, but in here is was Futbol Sunday.  All the TVs were set accordingly. Talk about GOOAAAAALLLL!!!\n\nThe staff was excellent.  Very eager to answer any questions we had.  Extremely friendly.  \n\nNow for the food.  We ordered a few different items; Birria - this is a go to dish and so freaking good, Lengua (tongue) Tacos - These were very tender and done right.  Simple yet great execution.  That have a salsa\/topping bar for all your onion\/cilantro needs.  Also ordered a Torta de Pierna - (shredded pork, avocado, and sour cream) this was huge, but again was good. Top it all off with a Mexican Coke.  Food Coma here I come!!!  \n\nSafe to say I'll be coming back.
Awesome.  The bad?  Too small. Pricey.  Sometimes moody owner.   \n\nThe good?   The food is crazy so good unlike any other pastry shop ever and the ambience is lovely.  Beautiful shop.   \n\nAnd if too many of you actually go...I will have to remove my review unless they make it bigger.
This was the WORST service I've ever had in my life. Going to Vegas, did I ever worry about transportation. We relied on this service and got screwed. Landing, it took 40 min until we moved AND we were in the shuttle, it's not like we missed it. Departure, we had a flight at 615 am. We scheduled a shuttle at 4 am, the day before. We waited, and waited. We finally got a CAB at 450. Tried calling the phone line for 30 min and got nothing. I would never recommend this service and I will never use it again, nor will my 10 friends with whom I was with. I spent 14.50 for a round trip...clearly it didn't happen.
Very good food, service, all the employees are very kind. Probably one of my favourite sushi places. In a very conviennent spot for business. Restaurant also looks very good.
This is comfort food like grandma makes. It was packed when we got there which was encouraging as it's located in a little strip shopping center. My husband had the roasted turkey dinner and loved it. I had the chicken fried chicken which was also yummy. If you want fancy, this isn't the place for you, but if you want well-made, simple food you will love it.
Absolutely amazing staff and doctors! So very kind and compassionate...we had to help our sweet guinea pig pass on, and the kind and gentle guidance we received from Dr. Ingram was so heartwarming. I highly recommend taking your pets to this group, they will be treated with love and respect.
Great guy, work and fair prices. I bring in parts all the time off my E30 that I can't service myself for him to work like replace bushings on my front control arm bushing brackets or my rear subframe\/trailing arms. They were also able to weld on a subframe reinforcement kit for me and put new hard brake lines on it. A valuable resource to have with an old project BMW.
Best bread. Best pastries. Baked fresh daily. Warm friendly atmosphere. I like using them for my clients and catering. I have a high-end business and clientele so everything I do must be better. So, when I bring my clients items from Galileos or let them cater a luncheon, it is clear everything is from an exclusive place. Makes a good impression and let's my clients know I deliver the best.
Though very appreciated, getting full on Brazilian bikini waxes isn't my favorite spa visit. I've been getting waxed all over town for years....I have had overpriced visits from hell. I am new to the Henderson area, and lucky for me, found Raina at Waxed. \nShe made a very uncomfortable appt feel like a salon visit. Not only does her personality and professionalism make me feel relaxed (while my lady parts are much too exposed) she also does a 5 star job of getting rid of any and all pesky hairs. Raina is also an eyebrow artist...perfection in every way. \n Warmer weather is around the corner...if you want to look and feel your best in your new bikini....go see Raina. I will never get waxed by anybody else.
We made reservations over a week ago. We eat out frequently. We showed up and they attempt to give us a table outdoors (it is in the high 90s today). I say we don't want to sit in the hot. The tell us they thought we would (this is not standard protocol at any AZ restaurant when it is hot). Then they tell us we will have to wait 20 minutes- we say fine- the manager overhears the conversation and attempts to tell us it is nice outside. We are still waiting for a table. Terrible service. All they had to do was say, sorry, we made a mistake can we buy you a drink while you wait? Poor service at the hostess and management level.
I came in here when I moved into a new flat just around the corner and was hoping to find a gem of a pub where I could come every now and then with a few pals and chill. \nThe pub seems to have undergone a bit of an image change, it used to be called "Banter", but now with its more sophisticated name I think it is trying to tap into the office worker crowd that you find on nearby Morrison Street and Lothian Road. The pub attempts to look upmarket and is not really the type of place that I like to hang out in, I prefer a nicer cosy pub- but this really came across as tailored to an older crowd rather than a student\/younger crowd.\nThe pub does have however a pretty impressive widescreen TV that would be pretty cool to watch the footie or rugby on, but I doubt there would be any real atmosphere in there.
I worked with Mark at Encore to book a last minute car for my wedding.  I was impressed on all fronts.  Not only was he able to get us an amazing car for the event, but he did so with an amazing price.  He also accommodated a last minute schedule shift with no effort.  I would gladly work with Encore again and will be recommending them to all of my friends.
This isn't a farmer's market. It's more like a craft\/food swap meet. Prices are outrageous. Seriously I could have gone to a strip cafe\/bakery and get a better deal. As for the gluten free\/organic stuff? I think places like wholefood, sprouts, have the same thing. Nothing super special. One of those you've been there once and that's all you need.
Great atmosphere and great food. Seated our group of 15 quite fast and easily. Definitely recommend to all.
I used to love this Petsmart. My older dog has gone through multiple trainings there, been groomed multiple times, and enjoyed going to the store in general. We recently adopted a new dog, who had been to the store for "fun" a couple times. When he had some urinary issues that I suspected to be a UTI, we took him in to the Banfield at this location. The initial appointment was fine, the staff were friendly and it went pretty quickly. They called us a few days later and left a voicemail, saying they had the test results and to please call them back to get them. We called back the next day (the message was left at night), and were promptly told by a rude employee that we couldn't be given the test results on the phone because the vet we saw wouldn't be there until Saturday (this was a Tuesday). They said we could see another vet, but that we would have to wait for those test results to come back, too. We were told repeatedly and rudely that we wouldn't be able to get the test results for our sick dog until five days later. I asked to speak with the nurse that saw us, or another vet and was denied BOTH until I was obviously upset and asked multiple times. The nurse was just as unfriendly, and told me that she "wasn't medically trained" and couldn't read me the results. I asked if they had the results in front of them, and could they please just read them to me, and was told no. After about 10 minutes of this, they said they would try to get another vet to read the results to me, but they couldn't guarantee it. Later that day, they called back and said the test was inconclusive, and we would need to do another $400 test to get actual results. The vet we worked with called me again a couple days later, told me the same thing, and then said "I'm sorry you feel this was frustrating" when I let her know of the other issues we had with other staff. \n\nWe will not be going back here, ever, for any services of any kind. This location's Banfield staff do not care about the animals they serve, they only care about the money you pay them to do so.
Portions are always too small, food is always bland, always busy, and unclean. There are WAY better chipotles to go to, this one sucks.
I was lucky enough to come when the line wasn't long - around a 10 min wait before we placed our orders. We came maybe an hour or so after they opened. The employee who greeted us at the door was super kind and very knowledgeable about the flavours. I opted for the "You've Met Your Matcha" and my friend got their new Mango one. \n\nIt's cool how they make the ice cream right in front of you, definitely makes the experience unique. The matcha flavour definitely shines through, it's not overly bitter. They topped the matcha one with whipped cream, some type of waffle crumbs, and pocky. The mango was also just as good, if not better, since they do use fresh mangoes when making it. Very fresh and sweet. Can't remember what it was topped with though. The portion sizes are pretty big, so it's good to share one between 2 people. \n\nBy the end of it, I kinda got sick of eating it. It's basically just cream, but rolled. Felt like I was eating a whole carton of heavy cream! Very oiling and heavy! Most likely would never crave this, I do prefer gelato and regular soft serve over this any day. Cool to try once if you haven't before.
Terrible experience over the weekend when my family went for lunch.  We were seated by the hostess. After waiting 15-20 min for a server to come give us menus\/wait on us, I had to go to the hostess and request them.  She gave the wrong ones (dinner).   Another 15-20 minutes pass and we have to ask again if we have a server... \nAfter ordering, took at least an hour to get our food. \nOut of 7 meals, only one was properly prepared (burnt veggie burger, missing\/wrong ingredients, brown lettuce, wrong orders). \nOnly received drink refills when we questioned about where our food was.  Waitress was nice but absent.\nDespite the great views, I do not recommend this place.
This place is a popular izakaya in Ktown north that does buck a shuck oysters on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Malpeque oysters are a buck each and Fanny Bay ones go 8 for $10 on these two days. Make sure to make a reservation on oyster days, however, as walk in customers rarely get tables. \n\nAside from the oysters, Nomé is also good for their unique sushi rolls and izakaya style sharable dishes. The menu is a bit of hit or miss, but I would recommend the Double Salmon roll along with the Japa Burgers and Bulgogi Tacos. The tacos are legitimately the best Korean fusion tacos I have eaten so far!
Best pizza and wings in Vegas! They have many locations and they deliver! The wings are crispy and they have multiple different seasonings and flavors. I usually prefer hot wings but before I ordered they warned me that hot was a little spicier than other places. THANK GOD for the warning! Even medium was a little too spicy for me but the wings are addicting. Also the wings have the options of coming with fries..get them, they are incredible! They aren't average fries. They are seasoned, super crunchy, and always come out hot!  Strongly recommend eating here. The inside is clean, modern, and a great environment with friendly staff.
Wow! A hidden treasure in Vegas for affordable, delicious Italian food. I had the tenderloin tips with gnocchi mushroom sauce - oh so rich, but fabulous. Hubby had the Gorgonzola filet with roasted potatoes - he loved it. Tons of food - plenty leftovers for the weekend. Jeff our friendly server recommended the cheesecake. Yum! Will go back next month. Thanks Travelzoo for the intro. There were tons of incredible items to choose from. Did my homework and it paid off to order what others raved about.
My first visit, the receptionist was friendly, efficient (good first impression), nurse was professional and courteous, the PA was through, took the time to ask questions, explain what he was doing and why. Very pleased with the visit then I was given a report of the findings\/results, what I'd been prescribed and follow up. A very pleasant surprise. The wait time was normal.
This place has gone way down hill! How can you make a sandwich and mess it up??? The girl with blue hair is the sloppiest sandwich maker on the planet...second place is the thin girl who never smiles...matter of fact none of them smile! I think it would take an act of God to have one of the girls fill the ice machine....with 90 degrees out you would think they would have ice! What happened to the heavier set girl who has been there forever? She's awesome! She's the only one left of the old timers that can do everything....I hope they promoted her...she deserves it!
Besonders empfehlenswert! Hervorragende schwäbische Kochkunst: ausgezeichnete Wildspezialitäten, unübertroffener Rostbraten. Freundliche, aufmerksame Bedienung bei moderaten Preisen. Hier kommt man immer wieder gerne her.
Went in for the first time today for a cut and partial highlight! I had Julie as my stylist and she was wonderful! She took the time to listen to my ideas, as well as suggest some good things for my hair :) Thankful I got her, and will definitely ask for her when I go back! I don't trust many people with my hair, but she went above & beyond what I wanted! Go see Julie everyone :)
Didn't really care for the ice cream. The process is very very cool. The line was long and moved pretty slowly as everyone is explained the process. In the end it was pretty expensive and not mind blowing. I prefer classic ice cream
Not going to lie, plenty of people have had a bad experience trying to break the lease agreement at LVAC , and I had an issue with my payment.  I had a Visa Gift card and asked they take money off that and the balance on my credit card which they said they did.  They hadn't they took both off the credit card and did not tell me.\n\nI complained and they attempted a couple of times to fix it, but in the end I think they just decided they had spent enough time on it (although they did offer me the chance to cancel the membership).  But let's be realistic most people join a gym then never go, so if your thinking of moving out of Vegas you maybe better off at a nationwide gym.\n\nApart from that I love the gym.  It is modern always full of people, usually they look like the 'after' photos, which is nice to motivate you but I think if your new to the gym scene it may provide a little insecurity about your own progress.  But let's face it most people are motivated by the pain of not having what they want so all in all a good thing for a little personal emotional discomfort.\n\nI also do Zumba classes there, I move like a white man made of blocks of wood, but I enjoy the time in the class despite me not really getting any better at co-ordination.   Lots of workout stations, and the place is always full when ever I have been there which again just gives me a sense of belonging to a group of people trying to improve their lives and makes me feel good.\n\nThey do not allow a free week pass which is the first time in my travels I have found this, but again I personally think these kind of gimmicks are more of a sign that the gym needs members rather than a genuine service.\n\nThey have membership discounts at various outlets around Las Vegas, somewhere to put the kids while you work out, a running track, pools saunas etc etc.  The place is large and all inclusive.
Came by after our CN Tower climb ravenous and tired. This place was perfect, we missed the breakfast rush, plenty of tables, service was fast and very friendly. We were happy with our portion sizes and even though they messed up one order, they quickly fixed it. The food was delicious, we all ordered the special , and we all left fully satisfied. Only gave it four stars because the price of the Orange juice. 3$ a glad is pretty steep for a medium sized glass, especially when you can order a mimosa for the same price. All in all it was a great experience and I'll be back most definitely
Let me start off first by saying this business has an F on bbb.org and I have just filed a compliant with the FTC.\n\nMr. Diaz and I had a dispute over financing while I was attempting to purchase a used vehicle from Baja Auto where he is the active GM. This issue came about because of my recent bankruptcy discharge. In our confortation I communicated my concern of discrimmination based on age and financial status. I asked to withdraw my application and asked that my information be deleted from their system and my provided documents be returned. He refused to return my application. I notified him of my right to protect my own information and I left.
I have visited with another Doctor in this practice but not at this location for my annuals since I've been in Vegas for the past 2 years.  I was unfortunate enough to have scheduled mine this year with Detie.  Even though I read some negative patient encounter evaluations of this individual, I decided to schedule with her anyway since my gynecologist had been out for a while and she had an opening...obviously.  When I have come to this location, the front office was fine with me but the other experience was a SAD case.  It's a really difficult character trait to capture with having great bedside manners and tact.  Detie walked in the room and told me she was Angela and ahe would be doing the exam for me. She also began to spew out what I had scribed on the patient document and then when I asked her questions, she was obviously hostile and appeared to be combative.  I will just say that my PCP is a Nurse Practitioner..which is very smart and proactive along with the Internal Medicine doctor that's in the practice.  Ms. Detie will be the last Practioner that I will see for Gynecological services.  I'm not sure where the credentialing came from but I know that I have no trust in her abilities because of such a lack of tack for responding appropriately to questions.  I don't have any confidence that this individual would even know what to look for should adverse results come back. I definitely won't be making another appearance here or jeopardizing my health.  Make your own decision with who you want to see but I've found Yelp to be very helpful with making decisions on persons like this.
We went to this spot for our anniversary dinner and it was definitely cozy and romantic although a bit dark due to the lighting and ambiance. \n\nWe got the sea bass and the gnocchi as the main courses and they were just the right amount of filling while feeling not overly stuffed. \n\nThe affogato is refreshing as a dessert and definitely recommended. \n\nOverall if you are looking for good Italian seafood or vegetarian options you will not be disappointed.
This place is so great. When I have an appointment scheduled, I look forward to it all day and am never disappointed by the experience. I have been seeing Lori for a year and a half, and am so glad I found someone talented to trust my hair with. From my first appointment, Lori has been honest about what makes sense for my hair, always listening to whatever new concern has cropped up for me and offering suggestions about maintenance, style, etc. While the great reviews on Yelp led me here, the incredible customer service and skilled team at Snapdragon will keep me a customer indefinitely. This local business has more than earned their community following.
Maybe the mistake to think this would have been a good lunch. The food is subpar at best. The prices are affordable but the pizza is below average. Too many good choices in Phoenix to spend money here.
I'm usually not a fan of the island-bar atmosphere at restaurants like this, but their burgers and service are awesome enough to keep me coming back. The burgers are huge, served on soft brioche buns (the buns make the burger!) and super juicy. The pesto aioli is really good with both the fries and sweet potato tots, even though it sounds weird.
Shane was so awesome..my 91 year father had a broken remote and Shane was so awesome and kind that he fixed it in 2 min. We will alway use smokers for our garage door needs.. thanks Shane..your awesome
I've been to the 806 many times with friends and typically had a good time. I enjoy the layout of the and the relaxed environment. However this time was a different story.  A group of my friends were there on a Friday night and a couple of my friends mistakenly walked downstairs which they thought was a restroom but was just their storage area. I was having a conversation with one of my friends when this female bartender confronts my one friend questioning why she was downstairs and said it was by mistake. I thought this lady was crazy and needed to back off.  Not even 5 minutes my other friend comes by and the same lady comes again but is even ruder to my friend. Asking her to open up her purse to search her things and I stepped in and told her to back off and give me justification to her questioning. My friend was getting heated and before you know it we almost had a fight. I held my friend back but honestly this women had it coming. I wanted to crack her in the face myself. We eventually left and I later found out from a random person that the lady was the owner! Are you freaking kidding me!  I thought she was drunk or high  by her behavior  and was way out of line to my friends. I also found out they have major problems with drugs and the cops have been there regularly.  That doesn't excuse the treatment to your customers especially being the owner and acting unprofessionally, drunk and trashy. Needless to say I will not be going back there ever again.
We went here with 5 women. The atmosphere was nice, we were seated outside. The restaurant was not full. The menu was expensive but we were expecting that. Our service was AWFUL!!! Made the meal the worst of the trip. Not only did our drinks take at least 15 min to get we had to find the server to place our order. Then our food took forever. The server then proceeded to bring us shots to "make up" for the fact that he was not around. He said he was taking care of the president of the hotel so had to cater to him. So I'm paying $$$$$ to his company and you cater to him?? No won't be going back or recommending them. Oh and we women have worked in the industry. Those poor tips you didn't even deserve them.
This guy had no communication whatsoever! He fixed my pump but was very rude! I had problems afterward and texted him which he said I could do to no avail!
Wicked cuts, more selection, seasonings and sausage than you could ever imagine from all animals that don't breathe underwater.  I usually come here when I am going to entertain as I find their pricing for cheeses and some of the preserved goods to be a little steep. The shop girls are all personable and willing to give you pairing ideas if you ask them. Great place to shop for any BBQ occasion.
My husband and I LOVE their Cheesecake, it's our absolute favorite! Every time we go there we're greeted with friendly people even though we only order our cheesecakes to go. The bartenders who take our order are great and get our orders out quickly! Can't wait to actually sit down for a nice dinner soon!
Marketers attempt to get your money. They try every which way to convince you that you must have their company's product. At one time they divided consumers into target groups believing at every age our tastes changed. Despite so many young yelpers' comments, marketers discovered age no longer mattered as seniors look and behave more like Cher and less like Barbara Bush. A fairly recent marketing approach is the experience. To attract customers a restaurant must offer more than just a cold beer or a ham sandwich. Restaurants now offer entertainment in what looks like a movie setting. Fake this, fake that. \n\nSeven Roses is a real experience. I think it is unique to our city. Now that some films are being made in Cleveland I expect to see Jennifer Aniston helping herself to sauerkraut at the buffet on the screen of my local Regal Theater. \n\nSeven Roses seems to be totally run by women with only a few speaking English. They sell bakery, deli, home made smoked meats, prepared foods, imported canned goods, and have a buffet. The building is old and the walls are filled with wooden shelves holding jars and cans and adorned with lace. Small wooden tables and chairs are in the back. Old Pope John Paul would have been happy here. \n\nThe buffet continues throughout the day with the cook bringing out trays frequently. The dishes change daily and hourly. Small stuffed cabbage is one of the only dishes that is always available. I am not Polish so I do not like every dish nor do I know what many are. That holds true for the bakery and deli as well. The things I have liked keep me coming back. \n\nLast evening I went with two friends. I thought the buffet was not at its best as far as the offerings with too many ground meat dishes. No matter, we all managed to overeat and leave happy. I have learned to go right to the buffet in the back. That way I can pass the bakery and deli stuffed on my way out not wanting to buy everything I see.
Really delicious food, but a little salty. Somehow I always end up with a stomach ache after eating their food.
This is not a typical fast food American-Chinese place. If you treat it like one, you will be disappointed. Don't order those dishes. What this is, however, is homestyle Taiwanese Chinese cuisine. In fact, it's so homestyle that my friends who grew up in Taiwan found the place quite boring--"This is basically what my mom would make."\n\nFor me, however, the food was wonderful. I love the Taiwanese Sausage, the shredded pancakes, the marinated beef. If you order something that's actually from the Taiwanese Chinese cuisine, I think you'll be impressed. Pay particular attention to the front page meal deals.\n\nThe "cafe" in the name comes from its origins--it was originally just a small cafe that served bubble tea and some random Taiwanese snacks. Several years ago they renovated and turned into a tiny restaurant. The decor improved dramatically and I do enjoy sitting there to eat. Their bubble tea is still some of the best in Pittsburgh, so be sure to give that a try.
Absolutely love this studio! Great location, instructors (Joanne and Bebo) are amazing and they have the best playlists! I was never a fan of cycling but they took biker barre to a different level. Love tenPoint5 :)
When you find yourself in the more upscale casinos in Vegas, you'll often find yourself pressed to find affordable food. Secret Pizza in The Cosmpolitan is always a fan favorite, but sometimes you just want to try something out. Enter Five50.\n\nI find the line in Secret Pizza always really intimidating when I'm just really hungry for a quick slice, and Five50, located in Aria, is a great alternative. Lines are never really long, and pizzas are just as great. What Secret Pizza lacks in variety, Five50 offers more unique flavors.\n\nStill, I would say the price has something left to be desired. $5.50 is a bit hefty for a slice of pizza, and although it is a large slice, I can't say I was all too happy parting with my cash. Nonetheless, still a very solid pizza place, and it definitely is worth checking out, if you're ever sick of Secret Pizza and looking for a change of pace.\n\nI would just raise one caveat though: beware of the soda prices. I was looking to grab a quick can of soda, and the price ended up being $10 for the combo of a slice and soda. Lo and behold, they charged $4.50 for a can of soda. Whereas I don't mind getting ripped off if offered in tap, it's nearly criminal to try to take that much from a can I can get from a grocery store. $2-$3? Sure. $4.50, please no.\n\nTIP: Get your sodas elsewhere.
We came here on a Saturday evening. Started with the hummus and an order of chef borek. Amazing! Tasty, perfectly done crust ... reminded me of a huge step up from spinach pie. We brought our wine with us and the waiter, though apparently somewhat confused, uncorked and brought us glasses. Then my friend ordered the falafel and I ordered the lamb Adana kabob. The waiter asked me " are you sure you want to order that?" I asked if there's something wrong with it. Again, confused, he said that he thought I'd ordered something else. Somewhat disconcerting, I thought. Both dishes were delicious. Falafel done perfectly, my lamb tasty and just enough spice to it. Finished up with baklava and Turkish tea. Yummy!! We will certainly come here again. Would have definitely given it a 5 except for the waiter.
I have had two experiences with MD's cooling, both times with Miguel.  \n\nFirst time, he was called by the folks that property manage one of our rentals just to do an a\/c check.  He discovered the fan needed to be replaced and he called me to see if it could be covered under warranty!  Very nice touch. \n\nFrom that experience, I called him to check out the ducts in my residence.  We had had an energy audit and that person said that all of our ducts needed to be replaced and sealed to the tune of $1000.  Miguel came out and said one duct needed to be replaced, the rest of the ducts looked fine and they had already been sealed.  He did recommend sealing all of our registers because there were gaps between the metal sheeting and drywall.  Total cost for everything?  $275!\n\nSuper nice guy and I think very honest!
Stayed here because they have same players club as Rail City here in reno.   Had a non smoking room on forth floor, and it was a very nice room.  The lady at the check in\/players club desk was very helpful.   Free breakfast buffet was not bad, but tried the dinner buffet and it was 95 percent inedible.  It was allmost comical.  Ive been to some pretty crappy buffets but this was by far the worst.   Not a big deal though because your in Vegas so dinner options are unlimited.   Parking garage was easy access from rooms which is a bonus.
fantastic decor if your a motor enthusiast, however, no matter how you get distracted visually, it cant disguise a mediocre (at best) meal, small,over-priced portions and average service, next time, ill go over the road to subway
I am so impressed with Danielle!! She was so professional and knowledgeable and really went the extra mile for my sugaring. I will probably never resort to getting just a plain wax again. She did such a good job with none of the associated adverse effects you can have with a wax. Thank you!!!
I really love this grocery store. It is in Seven Hills in competition with 3 other grocery stores and a farmer's market but the variety\/price and quality are balanced to a T here. I get salads, carbonated water, yogurt, soy milk, soup, pre-made foods, fruit\/veg, sale and deal items. The cosmetic aisle is small and skincare aisle modest. Fresh produce is a deal when it is bogo, donuts are surprisingly low price here. Attempted catering for hot food here but it was one of their busy days it is hard to be flexible when it was busy- timing wasn't right. They do have markdowns on groceries like salads, soy milks and yogurts and I love those up to 65% off. In the future when I do multiple grocery store shopping for deals-this one is first choice on most days :) \n\nEmployees give great service and are super nice here!
Ran into a fellow Yelper whom I have been following for years on Yelp. Quite a coincidence we were both in the same place at the same time. \n\nWe were the 3 party to arrive right when they opened and we had reservations. I saw about 15-20 people walking around the place that all worked there. The party that was here before us had their first course meal before we even got menus. Wish we had their server as this was Thanksgiving day and we wanted to check out the black Friday deals without sitting in a restaurant for 2+ hours.\n\nWe waited 20 minutes for someone to come take our drink order and then bring us the main menus.\n\nThe Good:\n\nPeking Duck salad\nWonton Soup\nYang Chow fried rice\nBraised pork belly\nComplimentary chrysanthemum tea\nPomegranate sorbet \n\nThe Bad:\n\nPan seared striped bass (so dry)\nShrimp toast (way too greasy)\n5 spice dessert (nasty flavors that didn't work together)\n\nI found this place very expensive for average quality food. I understand that this place was the first Chinese place in the USA to get awarded a Michelin star. Which I find crazy, it must have been a long time ago or when this place has better food and service.\n\nAfter going to Hakkassan (in Vegas MGM) 2 times and they have been awarded a Michelin star as well and they serve Chinese food which I found to be a lot better than Wing Lei by both the food quality and the service.\n\nDon't think I will be coming back any time soon.
Hapa Hour!!!! 5:30-6:30 every day half priced apps.  Imagine you have access to the best of the best apps that they have and not have to feel gulity about it.  My lovely friend who is not easily impressed was bowled over by the polenta fries and deep fried shrimps.  The wraps were amazing and the drinks were flowing with citrusy abandon.  The service is sexy and impeccable.  They are beautiful and friendly.  How utterly charming.  I am going back there again and again and maybe even have a nice party there.  Why not!  Hapa good time!
My doctor put my prescription in thursday and I was supposed to start it the same day and now it's Saturday and it's closed so I have to wait until Sunday if it's even ready!! I normally come here but I won't anymore!! This is rediculous!
Go to McDonalds to get what you expect. Cheapest meal on the strip. Split the 20 piece nuggets with my mom and got two double cheeseburgers (which we didn't even eat, hello breakfast!) for $7! wouldn't be so excited normally but paying upwards of $30 a person made me really appreciate what McDonalds has to offer. For $5 more, this one offers 2 complete meals. Go here for a cheap meal anytime.
I decided to bring my little baby here after reading reviews and I'm very glad I did. My dog looks very cute and he's so happy after visiting the groomers. They finished earlier than I expected. I am definitely bringing my dog here again!
Tried the eclairs..chocolate & vanilla.  Absolutely wonderfull!  The vanilla was made with real vanilla beans, no extract or flavoring.  Filling was light & creamy.  Moderate pricing for such a high quality product.  The eclairs cost $5.00 for the two and each eclair was about eight inches long.  I would've gladly paid $5.00 for just one!
So we were looking for a place for asian style ice cream and someplace like Bang Bang Ice Cream downtown in Markham and we found Woofles & Cream.  At first glance it looks like it could be promising.  We ordered the black and white sesame waffle and green tea soft serve.  The soft serve was smooth, but the waffle was not to par.  It was too crispy and flavourless.  They definitely need to find a better recipe for the waffle if we are to return.  I'd rather drive downtown and wait the 1.5 hours to get a decent egg waffle and real quality ice cream.
This place is twice as big on the inside as it appears from the outside.  In addition to the main showroom, which is organized loosely by type of stuff (beaded handbags, silver, china, military decorations, that kind of category), there are about 10 little rooms off to the side that are set up like as the room of the person whose estate the stuff in the room came from.  There's lots of actual GOOD STUFF which actually outnumbers the amount of the usual stupid antique store dusty crap. \n\nI am going to go back soon and buy a bookshelf I saw.  Highly recommended.
Great food, great bar scene, perfect service.  Ate here last night and was very impressed.  Service was top notch and the server was smart enough to not crowd the table with too much food at one time.  Paced it as we finished different apps.  Will certainly be back again.
I enjoyed my dining experience here for the most part.  I am born in raised in north Florida though and have very high standards for southern cuisine.\n\nI dined with my girlfriend and we had a Living Social for 1 app, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert.  Good thing we did though because I still ended up spending $40 on 4 drinks and the tip.   But hey, it's uptown, I need to start accepting that.....Or should I?\n\nI thoroughly enjoyed the fried oyster appetizer.  It came with a bacon vinaigrette and cocktail sauce for dipping.  I wasn't wowed by the vinaigrette like I thought I would be, but the cocktail sauce made up for it.\n\nWe both ordered the meat and 3, and we both ordered flounder as the meat!  I always try to order something different from her, but I just wasn't feeling the other options of salmon, flank steak, or fried chicken (yes, the chicken was tempting, but I didn't want to have to pick at anything during my meal).  I thought the flounder was fried perfectly.  It was a little salty, but I have a salty palate so I liked it.  The sides are what I really thought could have been better.  When I think about southern cuisine, it's all about the sides, bottom line.  I ordered the mac n' cheese, cheese grits, and mashed (creamed) potatoes.  The potatoes were pretty good, but I make better mac n' cheese and grits at home.  When I go out for southern cuisine, I want to eat food that's better than what I make myself.  The mac didn't have enough cheese and tasted very eggy.  The grits weren't thick enough and made me wish I had ordered something different.  I can't really remember what she had as sides, oh well.....\n\nThe dessert left something to be desired as well.  It didn't taste homemade, but who knows.  We had the turtle pie.\n\nI would eat here again with a Living Social, but honestly if I'm in search of getting my southern fat kid on, I'm heading over to Dish.
THE WORST SERVICE! DO NOT BUY FROM HERE!\n\nAbsolutely horrible. My boyfriend wanted to surprise me for Valentine's Day and have flowers delivered to my work. He specified that the flowers HAVE to arrive by 5pm because that is when I leave. I left work late that night (It was a Friday, at about 6pm) and still no flowers were in sight. They didn't even call him to notify him that the flowers could not be delivered! The only reason he found out is because he called me to see how I liked them. The poor guy scrambled to buy me whatever he could find at the store (so sweet, he really didn't have to). On Tuesday (it was a long weekend) some time after noon someone finally dropped the flowers off at my work and gave them to whoever answered the front door. They didn't even call or page me! When I received the flowers they were wilting and soaking wet as if they were out in the rain all weekend!\n\nTLDR: They delivered the flowers 4 days after Valentine's day and they were wilted and wet.
Had dinner on 12\/10.  Overpriced.  Pushy waiters, who spend most of their time trying to upsell you.  Discouraged us from ordering sushi for dinner or the chicken... interesting only thing less than $30 on the menu.... Waited over an hour for dinner.  Manager came by and apologized, said it would be only 5 minutes - waited another 15 minutes.  Steaks are mediocre.  Seafood is good but extremely pricey.  Would not recommend and will not go back.. Dinner and apps and drinks for 4 were $550 including tip....
One of Edinburgh's oldest and finest butchers, George Bowman's on Grt Junction St has top quality meats and truly excellent Scotch pies. My whole family has always bought our meat and pies from here, and always will.
Blackstone is a fairly new steakhouse in the GTA and we went during opening week. We had made reservations early for my birthday for a party of 6 with 2 kids - everything was set and ready for us when we arrived. \n\nThe chef specifically came out to welcome us and explain the menu. He mentioned that it wasn't their set menu as they hope to have more items on the menu in the next few weeks. He had bought us fresh bread with oil to munch on as we waited for the rest of our friends. \n\nI ended up getting the steak on a lava stone which was deliciously marinated and served with a compound butter, mushroom sauce, and a grainy spread. Additionally, I received a side of mashed potatoes, veggies as well as a complimentary ceaser salad. Each item was super flavorful, and tasted very high end in my opinion. My only concern were the veggies that tasted a little bland - otherwise everything else was amazing. \n\nI also had dessert which was the crème brulee - I think this is something they can improve on as it tasted 'eggy' but the dinner was so good that I didn't even care about the dessert.\n\nOverall the food, service and ambiance of Blackstone was superb. I would recommend this steak over Affy's and Crave Grill House. It's actually on another level with all of the additional sauces it comes with as well as the marination of the steak itself. I understand that cooking your own steak may not be appetizing for some but that's part of the experience which for my group of friends, we really enjoyed.
If you have a mailbox here, count on \ngetting other people's mail in your box and getting your mail in other people's box! \n\nOtherwise, nice. Friendly. Helpful.
I am giving this company 3 stars because of the following:\n\nThe customer service was excellent once I got someone on the phone. He was personable and arrived at the property promptly and fixed the problem.\nHOWEVER!!!!\n\nRodney F. was accurate when he stated that the website's number for emergencies was not an accurate number.  I had to number hop just like he did. I complained about this. I felt he was vague in his explanation and didn't really take my complaint seriously to do anything to change the narrative.\n\nI almost fell over when he charged me over $800 to stop a water tank leak which was causing flooding in the garage.  I realize it was after hours, but I felt he took advantage of me because I was calling from out of state.
Come here pretty often before class. Great little place with friendly owners. I know I'll always be welcomed when I walk through the door. Also one of the best rainbow rolls in town.
Placed a mobile order on 10\/27 at 7:04am at 7:25am I had to go in and cancel my order because I was going to be late for work. Was told they "had a late start". Ps not my problem. At that time the manager was going to give me a refund back to the mobile app. A week later still no refund.  I call the store on Thursday spoke to the "manager" at around 9:00am for her to tell me she couldn't locate the transaction and needed to talk to the area or regional manager.  She then took my phone number and said I'll call you back shortly. So as of today guess who didn't get a call back nor my refund. Now I'm pissed and this needs to be fixed ASAP. I will post a daily negative review until this matter is resolved.  Oh forget to mention my order was only 2 hash browns and the free breakfast sandwich totaling a whopping $2.49 cent refund. Now it's a matter of the principle which clearly they have NONE.
Came in this morning and by far the worst, most pathetic customer service ever. Understandably they are busy but as we are standing at the podium, we get no one to even remotely acknowledge us such as possibly, "good morning, we will be right with you"... they didn't even lift their head; but putting their head down as if to avoid us. We weren't the only ones who were standing around waiting to even have someone approach. \nBeing in the customer service industry, a simple acknowledgement goes a long way. One of our cars is being serviced however after this and having experienced this twice, I'm purchasing remaining 2 vehicles elsewhere. \nSuggestion as being in the customer service industry: When someone walks up to your desk, a simple acknowledgment can speak volumes versus silence and running away.
This is my first time actually dining here. I will qualify this by stating that my husband went once with a friend and really liked it and brought me back blood sausage which was quite good. That was a couple of years ago. The second time we tried to go there on a weekend night with a couple of friends. We sat down promptly but then no one came to take our drink order or any other order for probably about twenty minutes so we got up and left. \n\nSo that leads me to lunch the other day. I was hopeful that lunch would have better service than my last dinner experience and it did . The order was taken relatively quick however the food took awhile to arrive and flagging down the waiter was rather difficult in order to get drink refills or the check. So overall service went down hill. \n\nAs to the food, I had the bibimbap, which was good although I have had better (Island Style for one). Also, ordered the dumplings again good but not noteworthy. So the food was solid but not phenomenal. I prefer it when the banchan is brought at the beginning too. I can't remember what other places have done or what is traditional but that is just my preference. Here, the banchan was brought along with the main entrees. \n\nIn regards to the ambience. I believe other yelpers have stated it is very K-pop here and I agree. I could see it being a lively venue for a weekend night. Music was loud, and for lunch, it was almost to loud to visit and enjoy especially since it wasn't too crowded. The decor is industrial but appealing, however, we sat on the benches with no back. Would have prefered a back to the seat, especially in light of the somewhat slow service. \n\nOverall, glad that I put aside my ill feelings before and gave it a chance. The food was solid but it is unlikely I will be back as it was not noteworthy and there are so many other places to try.\n\nOn one last note (which would be added above excempt my computer is having issues right now). The selection was more extensive than other Korean places I have been and they had a few decent beers, although I didn't imbibe. They had either Hitachino or Morimoto Soba ale, I think it was the latter, either way they are both great beers that are difficult to find in restaurants.
Went to see Dr. K 3 times and he is very rude and does not listen to what you have to say at all. He does not care for the patients. I will be seeing someone else. BEWARE DON'T SEE THIS DOCTOR!!!!!! a waste of time. I also waited in the office for over an hour. The nurse took 4 patients that came after me first. You can hear the nurses talking so loud about their personal business. He is the only doctor I seen in the office at the Henderson location. Not a good place to go at all. Very Unprofessional!
When we go out to eat, my SO and I like to order different meals so that we can sample a variety of foods from the restaurant. In particular to sushi restaurants, I usually get some raw fish and my SO gets a bento with cooked foods. \n\nHere at Sushi House, I ordered the salmon chirashi and he got a bento. The bento was not too special but the chirashi was very good. The rice was well seasoned, with a  generous portion of salmon, along with other little condiments on the side like marinated mushrooms and pickled radish. After the first time, I always order the same thing. \n\nThe owners and chef are Korean and so the sushi is a bit different from Japanese or Chinese sushi.
Good burger (Our Burger), better than I expected.  Very good light bun and good beef.\n\nThe restaurant was very busy on a Saturday afternoon, which made the service very slow.\n\nI would go back and try a different burger.
YUM. My mom and I ate here for lunch, and we both enjoyed everything that we ordered. The food took me back to LA...if you've been out west, you'll know that this is a great compliment. You order at the front, then pick your table and your food will be brought out to you. We got the Elote Loco (corn w\/ mayo, cojito cheese, and chili powder) from the "street food" section. My mom got the chicken empanada, I got the Curtido fish taco, and of course we got guac. First of all...THE CORN. That was by far my favorite part of the lunch. My moms empanada had shredded chicken and and cheese inside, she really enjoyed it and said the flavor was all there. My tilapia taco was so so so good. It had what they call curtido slaw which I believe is some sort of pickled cabbage and carrots, along with tomatoes and cilantro. The fish was grilled and cooked to perfection. The price of everything is pretty reasonable also. Another aspect that I like about the place is that it is very vegetarian friendly. Being a vegetarian, it was nice to see that there were many different options for me to have. They also have a salsa bar, which is a plus. If this was just based on food, they'd receive 5 stars. The reason I give them 4 stars is because they could definitely use a makeover, and the wait service is kind of non existent. It would be nice if the servers checked up on you everyone and a while. Besides that, the food was awesome, and I will absolutely go back.
I was able to get a highly competitive rate for a direct flight out of FL to DC. Tickets were immediately confirmed and sent to my mailbox before I closed the lid to my computer. My flight is not until September, But I foresee no problems at this time.  Thank you for helping me stay on budget!!!
So I stayed at the Doubletree resort and was looking for a pizza place that delivered and found this place. When it was delivered I wasn't that impressed with what it looked like but when I ate it I was highly impressed. The pizza was delicious and I was very happy. I don't live on this side of town but if I come back I will definitely come back to this pizza place. Absolutely delicious
The furniture isn't set up in the most organized fashion, but rather kind of just placed wherever there is open space. On the other hand, they do have quite the selection. There are numerous different styles and pieces of furniture for you to try out. If you don't find something in the store you like, or are wanting a different feel, there are plenty of catalogs the employees are happy to order from for you. The customer service is splendid and it doesn't feel like the employees are ready to pounce for a sale. Also, the prices are extremely reasonable for furniture. This is surely a place people should stop in at before going to those overpriced furniture stores.
Muy bueno. This is spot is way off the strip but nothing too crazy. Its worth the 10 minute drive based on taste customer service and quality of food. I need my Ceviche and this place delivered more than enough
Went for lunch and hostess was so thoughtful, as we were waiting for another couple to join us and it was early. As more folks came in, she recognized and asked if we wanted to be seated. Server was equally friendly and patient. I love that they have some lighter options as I know the normal portions are large. Other couple had never been to a Black Bear Diner and they really enjoyed it as well. Not sure about the negative reviews, ours was very positive. I loved my tuna salad. The others had burger baskets and really enjoyed them as well.
My laptop seemed to be very hot & I was afraid something was  wrong.  They blew the dust out & said it should be ok.  But as long as I was there, they have a sign that will do a tuneup for $75.  My computer was running pretty slow & I just assumed it was COX my internet provider.\nPC Plus cleaned it up very nice & now it's running great!!  I couldn't be happier.
I so want to give this place a higher rating, but I just can't. I want to love this place - and I keep trying to. But alas, it keeps failing me. Maybe I just have a knack for coming at the wrong time and choosing the wrong menu items?\n\nThe menu items always sound enticing. There are always so many things I want to eat here. But I've always left disappointed. The wings were ok, but not good enough to even finish (a little too greasy and fatty). Though, the blue cheese (which was served warm) was excellent. The truffle fries were just overwhelmed by bad truffle oil. The mac 'n' cheese topped with Doritos was interesting, but not worth a repeat eat. The expensive truffle and foie gras cheesesteak was a failure of epic proportions. And just how is it that you can manage to make a wedge salad taste bad? The pretzels and dipping sauces are the best thing here. And don't even get me started on the cocktails. Just stick with the beer list.\n\nI love the set-up and decor. It's a great spot. It's exactly what you would want out of a 24-hour place in an upscale casino. It's just dark enough. It's just large enough. And it has an excellent bar area (my preferred seating section). It can be way too loud sometimes, though.\n\nAnd I've yet to have a good service experience here. Everyone always just seems rather unfriendly, inattentive, and a bit on the arrogant side.
As odd as it sounds, eating seafood out of plastic bags is not as bad. Sounds gross but it's a unique concept and you don't have to worry about getting messy because pretty much everybody eating there is going to get messy. \n\nI'd recommend the mussels with the captains boil sauce. We tried other sauces but I'm telling you captains boil is the best! \n\nThe Cajun fries are okay in my opinion. Nothing special but if you're up for more flavouring on the fries I just dipped it in the captains boil sauce we had from our seafood. Yes I know sounds gross haha. \n\nWait is not fun. I suggest making reservations unless you want to wait or loiter around. At least they will text you when your spot is ready.
This establishment opened its doors last week so I decided to try it out today.  I frequent that area quite a bit and thought it was a wonderful addition to the surrounding businesses.  I ordered a peach sorbet for myself and a cotton candy single scoop of ice cream for my guest.  The ice cream\/sorbet were both tasty.  Customer service was really good while placing our order.  They let me sample my sorbet before deciding to get it.  The interior of the shop is sleek and modern.  It definitely has a more adult ice cream shop\/coffee shop feel to it in comparison to a Baskin Robbins.  I plan on trying some of their drinks next time I'm there.  They have a ton of specialty coffee and tea selections.  Looking forward to my next visit.
I am writing a review to specifically comment on the outstanding work of this facility. I am confused as to how this office receives such negative reviews. Every single experience that I have had at this practice has been extraordinary from the moment I step through the door to the time I leave. \n\nEveryone in the front office staff is incredibly nice. There is a front office male who goes above and beyond to help individuals. If his job entails just checking people in, he has gone beyond that. He has practiced medicine\/healing\/health care just by communicating with those he has checked in. The woman who sits on the right and the two women who do the scheduling upon discharge are incredibly nice as well. They are always in a good mood and share a positive attitude with other patients as they leave. The patients are always laughing with them every time I leave so I am really uncertain as to how there could be negative reviews stemming from a positive environment. \n\nEverything is easy, efficient and executed in a timely manner. The office is consistently able to schedule appointments very quickly.\n\nI have seen quite a number of physicians over the last few years due to my extensive medical history, and I had the opportunity to meet with Dr. Tyler Southwell, who truly reinforces the value of what it means to be a physician. \n\nHe sits down and patiently listens to the entire history before asking questions that would aide him in his prognosis. He is extremely intelligent; incorporating his patience, experience, evident extensive scientific knowledge, and understanding to work with me in prognosis. \nI have read that many patients now use online tools to explore treatments because they don't feel that physicians explain all aspects of treatment. Dr. Tyler Southwell goes above and beyond by explaining the diagnosis, typical cause, and all aspects of treatment. He treats the source rather than the symptoms. He is `truly` the definition of what it means to be a physician. I am sorry I cannot comment on the other physicians in the office, as I did not have the opportunity to meet with them, but if they are reflective of Dr. Tyler Southwell, then this entire facility is the definition of Medicine\/Health Care.
Really great place. We had dinner there tonight and sadly had the place to ourselves. However, unlike a lot of places that just seem to "give up" when they don't have a lot of business on a particular night, the staff at Saffron seemed to be working extra hard for our approval! Our hostess\/waitress was very friendly and accommodating, ensuring that we had everything we needed without hovering.\n The food was absolutely excellent as well. My husband had a lamb dish, which he ordered medium spicy, while I had the mattar paneer at no spice. Both of ours was delicious and seasoned perfectly. They don't seem to fall into the trap that "more spice = more flavor" that I have encountered at some places where a "5" actually equals "nuclear reactor in your mouth hot."  Now that I know they have a fine hand at spices, I may actually order a little heat next time!\n We also got the cheese naan, which I HIGHLY recommend! Tender, filled with just enough cheese to add flavor and texture without making it greasy. \nTheir menu is just long enough to give you lots of options but not so long that it's overwhelming. It has a huge vegetarian section, with lots of choices for even the pickiest eater. \n Long story short, we will be back! Hopefully next time it will be full to the rafters busy!
Only went to Lopez to introduce my young charge to fried ice cream...but dang did they help my case! He's convinced, and I'm convinced that I'd eat here next time I'm in northeast Ohio...and save room for dessert!
Good place to stop for a casual drink and a bite to eat. Definitely wouldn't choose here for anything beyond that. Spotty service. Food is decent tho.
The first time I went in the staff was friendly and office was very Impressive. (nice Decor)\n(I actually bought the groupon, and I am not sure if that has anything to do with the treatment I have received after that first visit)\nThey gave me trials first and asked me to follow up with them to tell them how they were.\nTrials were given to me multiple times because my astigmatism is high and my eyes would not tolerate or adjust when they gave me Toric Biofinity, at my "true" Rx. \nFinally they gave me a trial of a lower intensity that worked (acuvue but they were only the weekly) and I followed up to let them know so they could place the order for the monthly version of that. (groupon calls for 6 month supply)\nNot even exaggerating, about 4-5 weeks came and went and my contacts were not "ready." I had called up a few times but to my dismay, the tech that was helping me in the beginning was no longer with them.  \nI finally spoke to Sherise, who basically took over and said there was "back up orders." She asked me to come back in to verify my Rx with the Dr. \nWas it really necessary to make me drive all the way from across town just to get another trial? \nBecause when I went back to "see the doctor," they ended up prescribing me with the same lower intensity in the monthly Toric bifinity which I had already knew I needed and I had already previously explained that that Rx was fine. \nSherise called about a week later to come pick up an additional trial. Again, drove all the way from Henderson to Summerlin.\nShe told me to follow up and let them know how they fell.  I called her up a few days later. Told her to order them. She explained I would be paying about $30.00 more for the astigmatism, which is fine, I guess, but The first tech never explained this to me to begin with.\nSo now, here we are, 2 weeks later, checking to see if they were finally ready, and guess what, the order was never actually placed.\nShe said she was "Still waiting on me to tell her if the trial worked out." \nUnbelievable. My original visit was on February 26th!! 3 months later and I still don't have my contact?!? I seriously would not recommend this place to anyone. Never going back. If my contacts are not ready by Wednesday which is when she said they'd be ready. They better believe I will ask for a bloody refund.
I love the Cadillac Margarita and the variety of dishes makes everyone happy! It's a little pricey, but worthwhile for a special occasion.
Dates - Excellent \nSpiced Popcorn - ok\nShishito peppers - Excellent \nChic garron de Pollo - Not great\nMushroom tacos - ok\nSalmon avocado - good\nCkn taco - not good \nMiso eggplant - yum\nCal hand roll - yum
Friendly staff fast service fresh fish. \nBut why oh why do restaurants allow non-service dogs? Is that even legal?
We took my (soon to be) mother in law here with my fiance's family for a belated birthday celebration and really enjoyed the food\/atmosphere.\n\nAs other reviewers have noted, the restaurant is located in a random industrial parking lot. Not deterred and fueled by raving Yelp reviews, we drove here on a drizzly Sunday evening. As soon as we opened the door and were greeted with an intoxicating\/delicious food smell (plus it was super busy!), we knew we had come to the right place.\n\nTo start, we ordered a few items to share from the appetizer menu. We tried the fresh spring rolls with shrimp, fried spring rolls, wonton soup, and mango salad. Everything was super delicious, tasted fresh and made with care. To accompany these nibbles, we enjoyed many different home made sauces including a killer hot sauce - yum!\n\nService was a bit confused - they have a lot of people working and we weren't really sure who our server was but we didn't go without anything we needed for long. Perhaps just some hiccups they are working out as they just opened in June.\n\nFor our mains, we each ordered one dish and shared with everyone at the table. We got an order of Pad Thai with shrimp, crispy seafood noodles, spicy veggie pho, veggie vermacelli, and my bae opted for the pork\/chicken vermacelli. Again, flavours were awesome and all of dishes were so tasty. I want to come back and try the regular veggie pho!\n\nEven though we were stuffed, we couldn't pass up the deep fried bananas and also ordered two scoops of ice cream - red bean and mango. I took bites of the hot crispy sweet bananas with the cold ice cream and was in dessert heaven. Oh so good!\n\nSince my MIL loves loves loves spicy foods, the hostess (I think she might be the owner) was kind enough to send home a container of their house made hot sauce just for her. I love when restaurants go out of their way with a small touch, it really made my MIL feel so special - thank you!!! We also were handed delicious honey (?) covered fried balls which were stuffed with bean (or cheese?) - either way, they were epic!\n\nAbsolutely would recommend this restaurant if you are looking for Vietnamese fantastic food!
Our first visit so we purchased an individual cake to give as a gift and some macaroons for ourselves. The macaroons were delicious! We got one of every flavor and all of the were great. We will be back.
After using this company several times I entrusted them again with the care of my yard.  The owner came to my home to give me an estimate and I showed him a young tree in which the leaves had died but we both agreed that the branches were still alive.  He noted on the estimate \/invoice for the crew to only "cut off the dead".  I came home to find just the trunk of the tree left.  No branches at all.  I called to notify the owner of the mistake only to be informed that for $300 they could replace the tree.  Sadly this company that I selected for it's "Christian" values is not living up to their claim.  I would rate lower than 1 Star if able.
The food was just ok, really what makes this place so great is the bar staff! The guys in the bar were so much fun to talk to and hang out with that we ended up passing on our table and having our meal right there. \nGreat selections of beer, they even have their own certified beer expert that lets you try his beer if you ask nicely!\nThe food was just ok, but really its the people that make this place so great. If the manager is reading this please please give your bar staff a raise! They rock!
Found this place on yelp while looking for a place for lunch. It did not disappoint. Friendly staff, large portions, food tasted fresh and was cooked as asked. I wouldn't say it's the easiest to find, a bit hidden on the corner among stores and trees. If it wasn't for the stand up sign pointing where to go I would have probably just driven by and not noticing. If the weather permits, they have an outside seating area, very intimate and nice. Definitely worth going.
I love a good southern brunch and Yardbird Southern Table & Bar did not disappoint. There were six of us at brunch and therefore we were able to try a number of dishes. \n\nTo start we ordered the fried green tomato BLT, deviled eggs, and mama's chicken biscuits. ALL were delicious. The tomatoes were fried perfectly and the pork belly was crispy and rendered. The yolk in the deviled eggs was seasoned so perfectly and the fresh dill lightened the richness. The fried chicken and the biscuits were very soulful.\n\nA few of us got the special that day which was sausage gravy over fried chicken and biscuits topped with a poached egg. We also ordered shrimp and grits, skillet jalapeno cornbread, cheese grits, and the famous fried chicken and waffles platter. \n\nThe fried chicken is seriously amazing. The skin is so crispy and flavorful. The meat is so tender and juicy. The sausage gravy and biscuit complimented the fried chicken perfectly. I am such a sucker for grits and they were cooked to perfection.\n\nThe fried chicken and waffle platter had spiced watermelon to accompany it, which was a nice refreshing bite after the rich fried chicken and waffles. \n\nWe all enjoyed the food and were stuffed for HOURS due to the huge portions.
Food was good, but  what is the point to made reservation in advance if you have to wait anyway, I did a reservation 4 days in advance for  Friday 8:00pm  we arrived a 7:45, they  gave us a page and  we were not sitting until 8:45, no even at a table it was at  the bar, they did not care, making excuses that table was almost ready. next to us was a couple that  came before us, she was pregnant looks like she was going to have the baby there, we were sitting and the still eating to be seating. They did not  care about it.
My rating is a 3.5.  The atmosphere and decor of the new Dough Bird are great and we were excited for our first visit.  The food is solid and we look forward to trying more menu items. The cauliflower mash was delicious and the margarita pizza with burrata was simple yet tasty with a yummy well done crust.  Their signature sauces were good, but not as spectacular as I imagined.  The shishito peppers were good, but I prefer the same dish at Windsor.  Here's the slight downside beyond the slight disappointment with the sauces- the price of drinks. 4 draft beers cost us $25 which pricy for mid-day happy hour time.  Overall, the service and food are reasons enough to come back.
Exceptional experience. Decor is nice; they are on the right track but a few changes could up-level this to Andaz category.   Most helpful and personable front-desk team I've encountered in a long time. I'd say "ever" except a guy in China literally brought me Sichuan peppercorns from the local market once. Marissa was especially helpful- trust her on-point recommendations and you won't be steered in the wrong direction. It's service at a new level and an extra bonus point for the skilled and friendly Commoner bartenders.  Excellent bloody Marys!
Super duper place in Historic Downtown! Service was excellent. No one in our party of 7 had  empty drink glasses. Then again, it was Monday night and there were probably only 2 other parties seated. Cheese Fondue was excellent, melty and creamy. I had the grilled cheese of the day. I don't remember what the cheese was, but it had chorizo in it, not just small chunks of it, but slices of it. I am in love with the Grilled Cheese of the Day concept. I would probably order it every time. I had the Korean pear salad to go with it: spicy arugula, pecans, Asian pears with a very light vinegarette. Prices were decent, atmosphere was classy, service was great! I would go back again...except I live in Surprise.
Perfectly cooked fish. Went there because I had gotten a tuango offer but will definitely return for more. The service is  extremely friendly and their menu looks really good. The tuango offer was limited to certain plates but the rest also looked good. Their menu contains pictures and the result is that you want to try everything. My advice is try the place our if you like eating fish you won't regret it
So happy to see this location! Food is great, service at the drive though is friendly. I recommend the turkey artichoke and spinach panini.
First time here.... Got here at 1028pm on a Monday (2016 September 26th), which according to Yelp says they'd be open, but they're not. Thanks for wasting our time and gas. Will update the review if they're open next time. Maybe management can fix their hours on Yelp.
Illy coffee is by far the most incredible coffee to get your morning started. Especially after a late night out in Vegas. Highly recommend the frappe latte. Delicious!!
The worst Buffett I ever ever had.  Frankly I was shocked that such poor quality of food were sold at a hotel like Mandaly Bay.  Thoroughly disappointed.
Now you can have the best korean style chicken in vegas! This place has real good food not only chicken but also delicious dessert!!
Malley's is Cleveland's premier chocolatier, with over twenty locations in the metropolitan area.  The Brookpark location is their main production facility, but also contains a retail outlet featuring all their offerings.\n\nThis chocolate is high quality, made with pure cocoa butter and fresh ingredients. Both milk- and dark chocolate are available, in addition to fudge, chocolate covered fruit, peanut butter, brittle, popcorn, nuts and so much more.  They have extended hours close to Easter and St. Valentine's Day, with featured items such as chocolate covered strawberries, grapes and even bacon \n\nSome of their locations include ice cream parlors with 50 flavors, offering cones, sundaes and other assorted frozen treats.  The staff are friendly, knowledgeable and eager to assist customers with their selections, and can explain Malley's Corporate fundraising program.
Mike came out and did my windshield the other day and I must say it was an all around great experience. Not only did they show up right when they said they would be there but the worked fast and got the job done quickly. I would recommend this company to anyone looking to get auto glass repaired!!!
I specifically headed out to Boulder City to get a Dole Whip from Chilly Jilly'z, ended up ordering some broasted chicken as well, and then I decided to spend a few more hours checking out the antique shops in Boulder City. \n\nChilly Jilly'z is a cute little eatery staffed by very friendly employees. After I checked in on Yelp I remembered seeing so many friends rave about the broasted chicken, and since it was lunch time I decided to give the two-piece meal a try. \n\nChicken is broasted to order and it took about 15 minutes from the time I ordered to receive it. It was absolutely worth the wait. Broasted chicken is the way to go, it is similar to fried chicken except it's less greasy, more juicy and better for you overall. I am already craving more of Chilly Jilly'z broasted chicken. \n\nWith temps hitting the 100 degree mark, a Dole Whip sure hit the spot. I had vanilla topped with orange-pineapple-banana juice, but there are quite a few different flavor options to choose from. \n\nChilly Jilly'z is everything one would expect from a small town eatery and then some. For a refreshing sweet treat that will remind you of Disneyland or some deliciously juicy broasted chicken, it's well worth the trip to BC.
Great happy hour. Excellent service.  Definitely the best place to go to in the north shore!! The chicken pot pie was the tastiest I've ever had.
Great BBQ.  Good smoke flavor to the meat.  Two sauces were available at the table - one made by Mabel's that had a mustard and vinegar base (it tastes pretty good even though I wasn't sure what to expect), and there's a brand called Sweet Aardvark that's really spicy (haberno sauce), but if you like spice it's pretty good also.  A little on the expensive side for smoked meats, but considering where it is the prices aren't bad.  Good selection of beer and other drinks.  Had the Big Pig sandwich and tried some of the spatzel.  Both were awesome.  I'd recommend giving it a shot if you're a fan of BBQ.
Was looking for somewhere to watch Bronco's game and Vegas Yelp pointed me to this saloon and I'm glad they did. Definitely a cowboy bar. Decorated with really cool cowboy decor  but not too over whelming. \nIt's has a lower bar area with pool tables and table bowling. Really cool bar stools and tables with huge booths. Upper area has nice size booths and tables for families and good views of the TVs above the bar. Ceilings got an outdoor look with clouds and lighting with very decorative with horses all the way around. \n\nWe started with some house chili and mac n cheese. Both were good but we prefer the mac n cheese.  Oana had wedge salad and they forgot the bacon, took about ten minute to finally get the bacon. Alex had huge nachos and Jacob and I shared a huge full portion of ribs. Which were tender and sauce was good. We finished off with the Apple crisp, but was more apple than crisp. Mostly apples heated on a cast iron pan with tiny bit of crumb on top, very tiny bit, still good but not what you expect. \n \nOver all very happy we found this place. They do show every Denver Broncos game on Denver's local channel. I will be back probably in September to see the opener against Pittsburgh (my other favorite team) another win - win for me. Thanks to all the Vegas Yelper's for all the in put not just for this place but also for pizza places. Which we found an awesome place for crispy Italian pizza.
Not only does my wife study the art of Flamenco with Yumi, but my daughter just started taking lessons with Yumi.  And my wife conned me into taking some lessons when we went to Seville with some other Flamenco students for a week over the summer.  Come on people, how many chances do you get to study Flamenco in Spain.  When one of your family members takes lessons with Yumi, you join the Yumi community.  Sort of like Groupon, we visit various venues around the city to see Yumi dance.  Also, the students perform several times throughout the year at festivals and events.\n\nIt all started when my wife decided that we would go see Mujeres 1 at the Tempe Center for the Arts.  At the end of the show, my wife decided that she wanted to start taking dance lessons with Yumi.  And now my wife has performed in Mujeres 2 and Mujeres 3.  My wife recalls a different set of events, but you can rest assured that my telling is the truth.  I posted it first on Yelp.  Mujeres is the main show that everyone trains for each year and occurs in the Spring at the Tempe Center for the Arts.\n\nBy the way, don't tell anyone, but it looks like I'm going to take lessons with Yumi.  \n.
This was by far the best brisket and barbecued chicken I've had... And I'm very picky when it comes to brisket. It practically melted in my mouth. My husband said the pulled pork and Mac & cheese were also amazing
Wife and I came back here because of a previously great experience here.\n\nWe were not disappionted. This place is a hidden gem. \n\nYou enter from a prívate elevator and enter into a beautiful dining area. \n\nPerfect place for a romantic dinner. Clean, elegant, great wait staff and reasonable priced.\n\nDon't miss out on this hidden gem when in Las Vegas.
Ben Rothelisberger is known for many things. Some good. Some very bad. But I think the top thing has to be this sandwich named after him. Definitely much bigger than the whole Super Bowl thing. \n\nThe place is located in the north side on a nice block not too far from Heinz Field. The staff was chill and easy going. The sandwiches are delicious. I would have to say it's much better than the sandwich chain, which I refuse to name, that most people traveling to Pittsburgh head to. \n\nThis is where you need to go if you want a great sandwich, which may take a year or two off your life. Totally worth it!
Good beer list and yummy food.  We had a party of nine and ordered apps and three different pizzas.  Potato pizza was so good.  Service was great and efficient.
La bouffe est bonne, mais je trouve que 20$ pour des pâtes c'est trop cher.  Le bar à pain était original!
Consistently fast. As the expiration date got closer (1-2 days before expiration), it got really busy here. So if you have a coupon, use it well before the expiration date nears to avoid crowds. Also check in via phone app to save time. But, you still have to tell them when you arrive that you checked in online so they can mark you as present in the store.
Ribeye steak was on point. Server was friendly and funny. I like that you could eat outside.
The place isn't much too look at and in normal times I would of drove by it because a little scary outside! But boy was the server and food beyond AWESOME!! Don't drive by this place!!!
Yassss! Ugh. Good food experiences are the best. Came here with coworkers to treat ourselves. We ordered a bunch of items and shared and everything was delicious! \n\nThe space is good for small and large parties alike. But don't even think about going there without a reservation - 2 hour waits are not uncommon.
Meh... I'm honestly not sure why I've been here twice. The first time I just had a beer, and the second time beer and food. Both times were disappointing. The atmosphere inside is just kind of blah, and the food is nothing special. I tried cheese curds and nachos, both of which I would usually say "How can you mess this up?" I'm ok with bar food, but this is sub-par even for bar food!
They're the best. Dave and Lowell never let me down. They always explained how they sort jobs. Lowell is a very good teacher. He'd explain what he's doing, show me ways I can maintain my equipment. They are exceedingly honest. And they don't nickel and dime their customers.
Great pizza.  The medium was BIG!  As mentioned plenty of toppings.  Great taste and value.  I will definitely repeat.
We contacted the owners of California Closets, Megan and Larry.  They quickly stopped by to see what we wanted to have done.  Initially, we just wanted to redo two bedroom closets and the pantry.  After speaking with them we decided to do another bedroom closet and our coat closet. We also had them install 2 big heavy duty racks in our garage.  The work they did was exemplary. We were so pleased, we have told all our friends and we have shown them how organized we now are. \n\nI have a huge number of shoes and now there is a place for every pair. In addition, I got at least 4 more feet of hanging space for my clothing. The pantry is awesome. I don't know why we didn't do this earlier!\n\nYou will not be disappointed with their work.  Megan and Larry gave us great suggestions that we would not have thought of. They have been in business for nearly 12 years.  The price was fair and I would highly recommend them.  They finished the job exactly when they said they would.  They were a pleasure to deal with.
Chicken fried steak is so good, I swear they kidnapped someone's southern grandma and are keeping her in the kitchen!
Extremely friendly & highly professional atmosphere. If you feel uncomfortable at the dentist, like I do, they will put you at ease, and by the end of your visit you'll wonder what you were ever worried about.
I don't know what has happened to customer service and problem solving but this place has certainly lost it! I used to be a patient for many years and felt "eh" about them but my experiences have most definitely declined. Time to start looking for a doctor or clinic that isn't concerned about the cattling in and out of patients. Very poor customer service and problem solving. Triage takes forever, especially if you just need a quick answer or resolution. I don't want my woman care needs to be in the hands of a center focused on production or service level numbers - in\/out FAST.
Great customer service and good atmosphere. Patios nice but they could have done better seating arrangements to get more use out of it. The food was average. The green curry was excellent with the jasmine rice, but the pad thai was alittle lacking. Being one of the closer thai restaurants in the area im still pleasantly surprised and will be going back often!
I had a great experience from calling on the phone to going in and finding my new puppy. I had read reviews about poor service and prices that were very high. This was NOT the case I had a wonderful experience from customer service as I was greeted by 4 people that work there to being shown  puppies I asked to see with a wait time of less than 1 minute(no kidding) to what is a very reasonable price or an AKC Pomeranian. You receive SO much from food,toys,health care and puppy bath items when you take your new puppy home, I would recommend this pet store to anyone and everyone and tell you do NOT let any poor reviews stop you from going in... GO!
This is the second time we came here and both times we were very happy. Located in Brooklyn, a nice 30 minute drive east of Toronto. Being a fish and chips place, fish is the star on the menu but they also have a few other items if you don't want fish. I had the halibut plate which comes with fries and coleslaw. The batter was delicious, good thickness too. The fries were good and the coleslaw creamy.   They also have senior portions which are smaller. The price was fair for what we got. The waitress was very friendly and the cook (owner?) also came to see how everything was. Worth the drive to go back.
I broke my Mom's back taillight and damaged the back panel while backing it into the garage. She wanted to take it to the dealership. They quoted something like $1700.00.\nThey pushed for me to sign the dotted line and call my insurance co. It was too much for me because the work he described was massive for a messed up taillight and dent. My husband said to try Auto Color in Middleton. WOW! They are honest and real. No messing with us. Just did the work and charged accordingly. They were less than half the price of the dealership and even buffed out some scratches I hadn't asked them to at no charge. I love this place!!! Refreshing!!!
I stopped over here for a light bite because I was headed to an event down the street. I was seated fairly quickly. The waitress came over and told me this place is strictly cash only. They do have an ATM on site if need be.\n\nShe told me that the noodle portions were quite generous so I decided to stick with two small appetizers and chat with a few folks around me over their selections.  They serve all types of noodle dishes including noodle soup with the only substitution being tofu for whatever meat or seafood on it.\n\nI ordered the crispy veggie spring rolls and the sweet potato triangles. I got two spring rolls with a sauce and about six sweet potatoes with a cut up cucumber based sauce. You have your choice of silverware or chop sticks if you wish to try your hand at that. I enjoyed both appetizers and was glad they were not overly filling.\n\nOne of the persons I chatted with ordered the Kee Mao with chicken. This dish includes flat rice noodles, bok choy, basil, and spicy chili sauce. She loved it and told me it was her go to meal whenever she comes here. Another person I spoke to had the pulled pork belly steam buns. He told me it was his favorite appetizer.\n\nI was impressed with the menu because it even notes your choice of spice level. The menu is clearcut and straight forward. \n\nThis place definitely will be on my return bucket list to try out one of their noodle dishes. The place fills up quickly so it is best to get there early.
I love Italian....\n\nI do not love Bella Vita yet. I wanted to, though.\n\nOther reviews had me excited, especially about the tiramisu, but something was definitely missing here. Service was indeed great. That was probably the best part. Food and drink offerings, just meh.\n\nAs we walked up, there was live music on the patio, but the little band was playing "Macarena". Weird. lol\n\nI dined with a certified sommelier who of course wanted to order a nice bottle of wine. We were informed that the sparkling rosé only came in twist-top splits. Fair enough, I guess. Let's just say I've had way better from the bottom shelf at WalMart.\n\nThe warm bread was nice and fresh, but I wish they'd mix the oil and balsamic in a shallower dish\/plate, because I kept getting just oil & ruining the lovely bread. *sad face*\n\nI ordered the chicken ravioli. Kinda mushy and lacking in flavor. I think the pesto sauce was a little too creamy, drowning out everything else. My date had the gnocchi bolognese. Looked pretty good, but he said it was just okay.\n\nNow for the main event: Tiramisu!!! I absolutely love tiramisu, so I had to try. It finally got to the table and looked delicious. So pretty and promising...Then first bite. Just okay (running theme here). Very heavy on the custard and not enough alcohol\/espresso\/ladyfinger lavishness. A much lighter version than what I'm used to.\n\nBae ordered the creamy limoncello, which was interesting, as neither of us had ever had a creamy version, so we wouldn't know what to compare it to.\n\nAt the end of the day, I'd probably come back for happy hour to try the blood orange cocktail, but no rush.
This company is AMAZING! I highly recommend that you work with them if you're looking to kayak\/canoe\/anything in the Hoover Dam and Vegas!  We booked a reservation with them for 55 people for our university trip and they handled it with ease.  We didn't have any mishaps with them, they took care of everything for us and we even worked out a pretty good deal so the students could actually afford to go!\n\nWe did the 1-day Black Canyon trip and it was one of the best experiences we've ever had.  All of the staff was knowledgeable, friendly and funny.  The students were originally nervous because they are all international students and some struggle with the language and some have never kayaked before but within minutes of getting on the water they had a great time with the guides. \n\nI cannot speak more highly of these people -- they are fantastic.  We'll definitely be back for another trip!
I ordered the Monte Cristo ($18). It was a deconstructed affair featuring pork loin and French toast with a raspberry sauce. All of the ingredients were terrific as were the flavors. The presentation was beautiful and appetizing. The downsides were that the French toast seemed to be about half of what the portion should be. There wasn't enough to match up with the pork. Nothing on my plate was hot. The toast was warm, but the pork was cold. It was also undercooked. I'm not suggesting that they serve me a piece of leather, I prefer a nice pink medium. What I don't want is a pool of blood on my plate. Also, the host was a condescending, pretentious ass. Next week I'll go back to Jack Flaps.
I've been to Topgolf before, and have organized events to have people join before as well. I have always had fun and a great experience.\n\nToday I carried in my clubs to join a friend for her birthday party and we all had a very positive experience. We all laughed, ate, had a few drinks, and shared a fun time together. While wrapping up our visit, it was my turn to finish up my round. \n\nI grabbed one of my clubs, placed my ball on the tee, and in my back swing, some guy dressed in a football jersey yelled at me and told me that I couldn't use a hybrid or a wood. To a bunch of amateurs who rarely golf, and most of us had never been, we were all left confused with the interaction.  Without staying around to answer questions or clarify, he angrily told us to not use our own clubs and then left.  I honestly thought he was from the bay next to us, then realized he was an employee. We were all left standing there, kind of shocked. \n\nNobody had said not to use our own clubs. Nobody had explained woods, hybrids, etc. that may seem elementary, but to those of us who don't golf regularly, it came across extremely rude. \n\nOur waitress was very apologetic, and came over and apologized to me and the group. The manager came and expressed similar sentiments. It was such an odd, out of place interaction. \n\nOverall it was a great experience, but for someone who is representing such a great company and establishment who is out of uniform to come and belittle, criticize, and then not try to professionally address the situation, it was very shocking. I can only hope that they move forward without him.
I went here for lunch with my boyfriend over the weekend and was quite happy with the food. Both of us ordered the Joey Bag of Donuts with chicken each, and mind you, it's HUGE! Even heavier if you add cheese or sour cream or guac, but I didn't. They were out of mushrooms and for the peppers they only had green peppers (which is weird since we went on a Saturday afternoon), but I was quite content with it. I added the fresh jalapenos (should have gone with the pickled like my boyfriend) and hot sauce... which was a mistake. After 2 bites, I was picking out all the jalapenos and it was fine till I reached the end of my burrito. From then on, it set my mouth on fire and my stomach started to hurt. Then I figured out, I put my burrito upright and all the hot sauce probably trickled down to the bottom, thus making the end of my burrito super hot and fiery. I'm still thankful that I did get to enjoy the rest of my burrito and the sauce didn't ruin all of it. Also, the give you free chips with your order and their salsa bar has some very nice and flavorful salsas. I'll definitely go back and try to pick my ingredients wisely.
Lisa is a fabulous make-up artist. She is very professional, experienced and does great work! She has done my make-up numerous times, and she always does a fantastic job! i recommend her to all my friends!
Despite the name and the focus on hibachi\/teppan dishes, Ohjah has a pretty large sushi selection and some good combos. Note that their Yelp check-in offer for a $26 dinner special is the regular price on their menu, but one of my favorite things to get. \n\nOut of the four sushi dinner special combos, I usually pick from the Special Rolls Combo (3 rolls) or the Blue Diamond Dinner Special (two rolls plus 4 pieces each chef choice sashimi and nigiri)- both are $26 and huge, shareable portions.\n\nFavorite rolls include the Give Me a Break (spicy tuna, shrimp, avocado, Cajun tuna, garlic sauce) and the You and Me (tempura crab, salmon, cream cheese, tuna, superwhite tuna, fish eggs, eel sauce, and spicy mayo). They balance one another out well, with one being spicy while the other is more mild. Fish is fresh and generously cut, rolls aren't too rice-heavy.\n\nBonus star for offering 10% discount for LVAC members who show ID- this is even valid on takeout orders, which is typically what I get.
Checked in online for 830. Seen within 15 mins. Kind staff. Felt like physician was efficient and warm with his approach. Liked him better than my primary in fact. :) I'll be back if I need to in future. Appreciate your services.
I am a fan of society lounge. Gives you that speakeasy feel without the unwanted over the top theatrics of a speakeasy. The drink were really good and well priced. There wasn't a huge crowd there when I went on a Wednesday night after a Cavs Game. Service was topnotch and speedy. I tried the beef jerky and it was really good. Not that many places make their own jerky so kudos to them.
Wir waren nach 23 Jahren mal wieder im Soho. Es hat sich ansich nicht wirklich viel verändert. Die Räumlichkeit wurde etwas verändert und die Räume sind jetzt noch dunkler als früher, was wir persönlich Schade fanden.\n\nEssen war OK, nur der Cappuccino war nicht wirklich ein Highlight.
Komol versus Lotus of Siam.... Went to both during our foodie adventure tour of Las Vegas and hands down the winner by far is Komol!  \n\nFor fresher veggies and a more broad protein and seafood selection Komol has it.  Interestingly we went to Lotus of Siam first but chose not to wait in line for an hour during peak dinner time due to having show tickets so we stumbled upon Komol (same shopping center) .  We were blown away by the soft shell crab entree and chicken with greens that we just had to see if Lotus was THAT much better. The next day we went to Lotus and had Nam Prik and Khao Soi (their signature Northern Thai dishes) and wasn't that impressed.  Not much flavor in the Khao Soi and the Nam Prik was like any I had before.  \n\nLotus of Siam overrated - for sure!
Everyone absolutely loved my hair and make up on my wedding day. I felt very beautiful. My bridesmaids were just as pretty. She did a great job at making everyone look uniform as requested. She does a lot to make sure she is always learning new and unique ways to do hair and make up to accommodate all genres and age groups.
The tables wobbled, and the staff dived in all dirty dishes.  \n            The table that my family and I sat at had major leveling problems. I tried to remedy with the sugar packs, but to no avail.\n        Front of house staff bussed tables with all fingers  in glasses, which is a major germ spreading process. I hope they have a large budget for hand soap, or someone will get sick certainly soon from suck terrible busing habits. \n       We were giving the bill as our food arrived, and then the attentiveness of our server was missing in action. I had to get up for coffee refill and napkins. I had to also flag a another server for a fork. \n       The highlight of the meal, was my wife's burger,  which she loved. It did however fall apart as she ate it, but it was wells seasoned and good quality. The kids liked their Mac and cheese, and the kids menu with activities was a nice touch for keeping the little ones occupied.\n       I think if Toast would readjust their serving etiquette and busing processes to be more in line with proper service standards, I would give it another try.
Awesome experience. My 3 year old completed the express 15 lesson program a couple weeks ago and I was amazed at his quick progress.  He loves Mr. Nate and he continues with twice weekly lessons with him.  He's so comfortable in the pool now and I'm so glad to have enrolled him in the program.  I highly recommend Water Wings and their entire staff.  Our experience has been nothing but positive. Best money I have spent this year.
We traveled in from out of state and could not have been more pleased with our experience. Everything was absolutely perfect and the staff couldn't have been nicer. Never once did we feel rushed. It felt as if we were the only couple getting married that day. We got married on a Friday and it was very quiet. The Victorian chapel had just been remodeled and it looks great.  We worked with Heidi and she was wonderful.  She was very helpful and responsive to all my questions. Never once did I feel as if I was bugging her and I always felt like a top priority. The limos were such a nice touch for our guests.  My rose and daisy bouquet was so pretty. The online viewing was so convenient for guests who could not attend. The photos turned out better than we had expected. The wedding slideshow, metal print and DVD were such a great keepsakes. Highly recommend this venue for a reasonably priced,  one stop shop wedding!
I'm a big fan of babystacks' pancakes. I think the hazelnut pancakes, with plenty of strawberries and whipped cream, are generally outstanding. The service here is A+ as well, keeping coffee and water cups full at nearly all times. At this point, you might be wondering: from whence did this four star review come? First, I'd rather give a 4.5 star review. Second, I admit that I've been spoiled by some outstanding breakfasts in my lifetime. Also, I can't order sweet breakfast every time I go out. My only knock on this place is that their savory breakfasts, while still very very good, don't knock my socks off. Again, I haven't had a bad experience here, and I doubt I ever will. Enjoy your delicious food and great service.
If there was a way to give zero stars I would... Bought a New Years Eve Package for dinner an a "VIP Table" in their "Club".  \n\nThe staff was in utter confusion about how to process the pre-printed tickets people had for the event and it was almost comical.  For being a "six annual event" this was kind of surprising as it was managed more like a kindergarten ice cream social.\n\nDinner was not even as good as Olive Garden (the McDonalds of Italian).  Most of the dishes were cold, except the salads which were warm.  The servers seemed lost and it was hard to believe this was an established restaurant.\n\nOn to the "VIP Table"....They were small tables set up in what looked like a basement.  I asked one of the staff where our table was because they were all full.  They told me to look for people that aren't wearing red wrist bands and tell them to move.  Really?  I decided we would just get our bottle of champagne that was part of the    package (although they charged us a fifty dollar gratuity) and leave, but the bar tender said she didn't know any thing about bottles of champagne and I would have to inquire with someone else.  \n\nWe decided just to leave and spent the remainder of the night in the casino bar, which was way better service and drinks.  We should have saved the $400 package cost and just gone out for a real dinner at a restaurant that has edible food and a competent management team.
The Vintage isn't my favorite brewery-restaurant combo in Madison, but that probably says more about this city's plethora of glorious brewery-restaurant hybrids than the Vintage. I used to come here more often when they had trivia (frankly, I'm not sure why they stopped - the place was PACKED for it on Tuesdays). I can't give it a much higher score, though, due to some snafus that I've had while dining here.\n\nFirst, the good stuff. When everything goes according to plan, the staff is friendly, welcoming, and attentive. The beers are excellent, and there are almost always specials of one sort or another on various drinks. Hibiscus Saison isn't often in season or in stock, but when it is, it's a tart, fruity glass of deliciousness and quite possibly my favorite summer beer. A welcome surprise is their mixed drinks, which often fall to the side in brewpubs. Their sangria is a personal favorite. As far as food goes, I'm a fan of the cheese curds (although they're quite greasy), the meatloaf sandwich, and the Big Sky burger. The bathrooms are well-stocked (points for any bathroom that includes hand lotion at the sinks) and clean.\n\nNow, for the less-good stuff. First, they won't seat your party until everyone is there. I know this is a common practice in most larger cities, but it's still enough to raise an eyebrow in Madison. Second, the beautiful outdoor patio has so much potential, but there are some significant problems. A lot of places will have some sort of mosquito deterrent in the form of citronella candles or torches, but that isn't the case here; I was eaten alive in the five minutes I was outside. Also, we had the misfortune of being seated directly under a pair of speakers with music so loud it was difficult to have a conversation; at times it even felt physically painful. On this occasion, my companion and I moved indoors due to these factors, making sure to speak to a server before we were moved indoors. This is where things began to unravel. The music was still extremely loud, especially considering this was a Monday night and the restaurant had very few people in it. There was only one other table of diners in our section, and it would seem that our move led to us being seated in customer purgatory, since neither of us could get a server's attention the vast majority of the time. There was one slightly-older female server who took pity on us whenever she saw us and made sure we had what we needed, made sure our food was tasting good, etc. However, I don't think it was her section, so we didn't see her often and would desperately try to flag down a server, sometimes waving our arms at the servers who congregated by the patio door to chat with each other and who were doing a great job at ignoring us. The noise level in general is fairly high, with practically nothing to dampen it. There are also some items on their menu that are ridiculous or bland\/stale. The pretzel appetizer is tough and appalling. The spinach artichoke dip is fairly bland, and it would go much better with baguette slices than the tortilla chips that are served with it. The Irish nachos are anemic and fairly flavorless. And the grilled cheese cheeseburger - which substitutes an entire grilled cheese for each half of a burger bun - is a foot high, impossible to eat, revolting in concept, and seems like a transparent ploy to get Adam Richman to visit.\n\nI'll still be back for more Hibiscus Saison, though. Mmm, beer.
Had dinner here with the guys before catching our show at the MGM. Venue is awesome and it's right on the corner at the intersection so the outer tables have a cool view of LV Blvd. We each ordered our dishes and were very pleased with them. Prices weren't too bad. It can get busy on weekends at dinner so reservations might be a good idea. Service was acceptable given how busy it was. Our server had an awesome back tattoo!
They are confusing and also charge $3 extra just to shorten your toenail. I wouldn't recommend this please.
I've stayed at better courtyard Marriotts before. The staff is friendly and the food from the bistro really is good, but overall the hotel and the location are just eh. It's minutes away from the chandler fashion center, which is great, but other than that, there's nothing else nearby. And the freeway. \nOur room in particular was a bit annoying because every door was squeaky. I wanted to buy wd40 myself. \nJust your average 2 or 3 star hotel. It is very clean though.
This is a few days over due however I need to actually sing the praises of this place. My boyfriend and I went last weekend, we had an incredible time. Our instructor Cooper was super AMAZING. I was very nervous considering I had never fired a gun, let alone some of those rifles. Cooper was super informative, he explained to me what to expect. Very patient and calm. Plus he looks like a total bad ass in his get up. Anyway Cooper was great, my boyfriend had shot many guns before and he walked away saying Cooper taught him a few things! He left me feeling very comfortable around a gun which is fantastic for a first timer!  The girls at the front were super sweet and helpful. Good times guys thank you so much! We had a blast!
I stopped here for some Hawaiian shaved ice and I ended up buying a water bottle. It's been a long time since I last had some shaved ice but I really enjoyed it from here. Piña Colada is the way to go!  The syrup is all natural, none of that scary artificial stuff. Denise was very friendly and welcoming. She actually takes the time to shave the ice and is not stingy with the flavoring. As I waited around I noticed the different water bottles from liters to gallons. One caught my eye of course, perfect size for my workout days. She even took the wrapper off, rinsed and filled it with ice cold water.  AND, I can stop in at any time for a 35cent refill. Can I do that anywhere else? Nope. Thanks Denise.
I'm a fan of Panera Bread in general. They're good for an alternative to Quiznos or Subway. It *seems* like you're eating a little healthier as well, but I won't hold my breathe on whether or not that is actually true. \n\nThis particular one can get super packed, but I was there today right around lunchtime on a Saturday and my friend and I didn't wait at all to get our orders in. \n\nI like that they have people who come around and take your plates from your table when you're done. Also, I am a HUGE fan of the chips they serve with their sandwiches. Extra crunchy and tasty! My go-to sandwich is the Ceasar Salad Sandwich and I always get it with half the cheese they normally put on it. The romaine lettuce always has a snap and the tomatoes and red onions are always rockin'. \n\nOverall Panera is a good stop for a quick lunch or if you're hankering for a sammich and you just want to go for an old stand-by.
They do a great job here, I've been cut by 4 different people and it turned out great.  People at work think I go to a fancy expensive place, they are shocked when I say Supercuts.  Great value.
What's not to love? Delicious drinks and a really friendly hip wait or was the first thing I liked about this place.  There is lots of staff around and any were willing to be helpful by clearing our plates,  and making sure our glasses stayed full.  The bruschetta is LITERALLY something I craved for a week after I ate there and as I type this I'd like to get back.  We tried 4 different kinds,  one with butternut squash and pumpkin that I couldn't eat fast enough.  We ate outside and it was absolutely beautiful but even the inside would have been nice because it too has a cool atmosphere.  \n\nLast note,  their happy hour is awesome and they have a few differ the specials during the week as well.
The only downside of eating here is that I may never be able to go back to my regular Chinese joints anymore, the standard is now set way too high!\n\nIt is rare, in fact probably happened for the first time ever yesterday, where I ate at 2 restaurants through out the day and both of them were 5\/5 for me (see my other review on Terrace Pointe Cafe). In sum, I was a happy camper!\n\nBlossom - Overall 5\/5\nAmbience - 5\/5 Very elegant Asian\/Chinese theme, excellent lighting\nService 5\/5 Top Notch\nFood - Went for dinner - 5\/5 Yum!\nAnnoyance factors - None\n\nWe requested that our food be made a tad spicier and it couldn't have been more perfect. The various chinese sauces, the blends and everything was so perfect. The chicken was cooked to perfection.\nFavorite dish - Spicy Indian Fried Rice - I know this sounds fairly standard, but the way this was made was just outta this world, never had anything like this  before .. All the waiters were very friendly and accommodating.
We use yelp soooo much that I had to write about this.  \n\nWe went on a Thursday eve early.  It was not busy at all.  We ordered margherita pizza and wet pizza.  Took along time had to ask for tea and lemon.  Once the pizza was brought to our table it was Luke war, and looked as if it was sitting awhile.  I would think that a 900 degree oven would produce very HOT pizza.  Well that was not the case.  Kind of disappointed to horrible just bad.  Could have been so much better.  Soooo as to all the fellow yelpers if you go I hope your experience is better.  We won't be going again.  35 dollars too.  Very expensive.
potion size is fantastic.kind service \ncalamari fries is good as appetizer.\npad tai is also good! but i felt ketchup taste.\ndon't add ketchup in pad thai.\n \nYou can enjoy thai beer too!
Really really good food toped off with really really good shakes and the best service at a fast food restaurant you will ever see.
Was to this restaurant twice. Liked the taste of the dishes and the lunch menu a lot. Decided to invite friends there for dinner. The happy hour is fabulous, the food is great, but... I will not return unless they take care of their fly problem. Because of the outdoor sitting, the door has to be opened frequently, and the flies evidently come through there. They were landing on the food, the drinks, the glasses, on your face. To say it was unpleasant is an understatement. For any restaurant, especially the one like Bink's , it's unacceptable and pretty gross. That's why I rated it as 3stars. \nPlease take care of this awful problem so people can enjoy your food and restaurant.
I can't believe I am giving a Starbucks a 1 star review.\n\nThat being said, I stopped in at this Starbucks after a meeting with my photographer for my wedding and before I had to be at work. It was convenient for me and in the area. There's a drive-thru, but because I had plenty of time before I had to be at work I figured I would just go in.\n\nThe place was full of people, but there were some free seats. I walked right up and put in my order. Mocha, iced, non fat, no whip. Doo doo doo.... So I figure I'll go sit down at a table and wait. Surely I will hear them call my drink. NOPE.\n\nNot once did I hear my drink called. NOPE. DIDN'T CALL MY DRINK. So I walk up to the bar (mind you, it's really only been about 4 minutes, but there was ONLY 2 people who ordered after me) and I see my drink, just effing sitting there. As I see it, the barista starts to take it away and gives me this "WTF do you want?" look. And then he snottily says, "Are you waiting for a drink?" And I said, "YES" and he says, "Well we've been calling this one out for awhile."\n\nYEA. CUZ I TOTALLY DIDN'T HEAR YOU CALL MY DRINK IN THE QUIET, SMALL AREA WE'RE ALL IN RIGHT NOW.\n\nWhat a little bitch.
Nice, quaint little shop. Not the bustle of the major chains which is always a plus. I got the Carolina house blend coffee so I can't speak for any of the specialties. Nice and full, good flavor. Drive thru, plenty of seating, comfy lounge chairs in the front, books and newspaper for reading, Blue Bell ice cream and all the baked goods looked appealing. I'll definitely stop in again when in the area.
I've waited for a great local breakfast\/brunch place to open in this area and this place definitely hits the spot. \n\nThe service is great. Whatever you want, they'll try their best to provide.\n\nI've been to 2 of their other locations and the food is always great. Our food met that standard as well.\n\nThe reason this location doesn't get five stars is solely because as of today 5\/22\/16, they do not have their liquor license yet, in result, we could not have a mimosa with our food. Really disappointing since they've been open for months now.\n\nAside from that this place is A-1
The staff needs a lesson on what "any social media" means.  It doesn't mean just Facebook.  I mention this because there is a posted sign by where you order a burrito, in which any social media check-in gives a free elote.  I luckily had Facebook, but my girlfriend disabled hers awhile back and when she showed her Yelp check-in nearly everyone in the kitchen was yelling, "Facebook only!"  The younger cashier understood the clearly marked sign and offered to deliver 2 rightfully earned elotes to our table.  I guess the cashier forgot, so we asked her about our corn, which she said she would bring right out after apologizing to us.  We overheard the kitchen staff loudly asking her in Spanish why two elotes were being given to us...  Sigh, we each got an elote in the end thanks to the cashier's diligence and reading comprehension.\n\nAnother thing, the price of burritos has gone up.  Our usual order of 2 burritos used to be $16 something and now it is $19 and some change.  I will be looking elsewhere for Mexican food when I'm back in Vegas.
I came for Revolution Group training, and ended up getting an individually personalized workout. Usually group classes involve everyone doing the same thing at the same time, but not this one. Though there were two of us, Gerald tailor made each of our workouts to make sure we were being challenged. Very straightforward and easy to follow.\n\nFrom the beginning, everyone at the gym was welcoming. They gave a tour and made sure I knew what to expect. They even comped me a bottle of water during my workout for being new (and probably because I looked like I was about to die). \n\nGreat workout, friendly people, and finally a place close to my house!
Love this place. The staff is great, the drinks are interesting and really good. And the best part are the burgers. One of the best places for really good burgers. Some may argue, but If you're looking for a meaty patty with lots of interesting toppings, this is the place. Oh, and the prices are very reasonable for what you're getting.
So, I have never in my life taken anything for granted like CBW. We recently moved to Florida, and there are no CBWs around us. I should have rated this place years ago. Our dogs would pull me like a human kite from the car to the entry gate EVERYTIME we pulled in there. Case in point, this place is gold. FYI we have seen a small scab here or there from other dogs (or maybe even the sibling LOL) when we got home, however that is what dogs do. We NEVER EVER felt like we couldn't completely trust the staff here. If I could rate this 6 stars, I sure would!!
Not a very good place to go if you are in a wheelchair, trying to get in the restaurant is a challenge, once inside we were shown to a table with four chairs and the waiter walked away leaving us to move the furniture around so we could get the wheelchair to the table. When the waiter arrived back to take our order we requested the Artichoke dip as an appetizer, about four minutes past when the waiter informed us the dip was not available as they did not have the ingredients. We then ordered the egg plant straws which was kind of a mistake as they where only half cooked oily and stodgy. For our main meal I ordered the Chicken Marsala, which the menu described as served with crispy potatoes, blistered asparagus and mushrooms in a Marsala sauce, the crispy potatoes were far from crispy and were well overcooked, the Asparagus was so hard it could not be consumed and there was no mushrooms. The Marsala sauce tasted like just a brown gravy poured over two pieces of what tasted like chicken. My companion ordered the pork chop with sweet potato fries. The pork was not cooked near the large bone and overcooked in other places which made it tough, and it was covered in some kind of brown liquid, could not tell what it was, the Sweet Potato fries served in a paper container should have been left in the kitchen. And now the good news the Desert, The maple bread pudding with ice creme was to die for. This was our first visit to this restaurant and i don't think we will return.\n\nVisited December 2016
This is one of the coolest museums I've ever been to! First off its a pretty modern building which is fun to look at, (and very easy to get to by train). Inside is a lot of fun, you buy your tickets and take an escalator to the top and then you start working your way around, there is also an audio tour available if you want, but the descriptions of the cars are in both German and English. They have every kind of car plus a few other things. Lots of race, vintage, prototypes and other cars are there to be seen, they even have other brand cars that were designed together by Porsche. The gift shop has models of a good majority of the cars if you want to take one home!\nOverall I would recommend this museums for anyone who like to see anything that goes fast :)
The beef brisket was incredible, tender, falls apart and tastes even better with the bbq sauce. The cornbread was delicious and best, cheesiest mac and cheese ever. Great service, friendly staff and clean restrooms. You want good bbq? This is the place to eat, especially after that long drive from the Grand Canyon, and it is conveniently located less than a mile from the freeway.
My boyfriend and I decided that last Sunday afternoon we would venture downtown to get brunch at Park on Fremont. We were met with some of the worst service I have ever experienced as a guest at any establishment.\n\nWe were seated outside on their patio just before noon. Our table was slightly sunny, which wasn't a problem for me in the beginning. Our server, Andrea, came over and we ordered a "patio pounder" which is an entire bottle of champagne and a craft of OJ for $20, my boyfriend also ordered a coffee. I was stoked.\nAfter a very short time the sun had moved, and left our table in direct sunlight. The both of us started to get very hot and uncomfortable. When our server came over to us again to drop off our drinks we explained our discomfort and asked to be moved to a shady table that had just opened up. She said "yes, of course" and happily moved us to the more comfortable table, and took our food orders.\nNot five minutes later the host came up, and plainly said "you can't stay here, this table is being saved" and when we expressed that we had just become too hot at our original one all she said in reply was "oh" and walked away. \nThe attitude we received was unnecessary. We had not moved tables on our own, we asked our server, who had no problem moving us. All we wanted was to sit at a table where we could comfortably enjoy our brunch. I do not think it was an outrageous request. \n\nAfter (embarrassingly) moving back to our original sunny table, we received our food. I ordered French toast and my boyfriend got the breakfast skillet. Our food was GREAT. Let me repeat that: OUR FOOD WAS GREAT. This may have been some of the best French Toast I have ever had.\nBut after we received our food our server Andrea was nowhere to be found.\nThroughout the rest of our meal she came to our table only twice. Once right after we received our food (obviously due to the "two bite rule") and once more, in passing, to ask if my boyfriend needed more coffee, after we were almost finished with our meal. She did not even drop off our check herself.\nI would not have been so upset by this if I hadn't heard her chatting excitedly with the table next to us. We can only assume that her terrible attitude was due to her assuming she would not receive a tip from us after we were told (not asked... told) to move tables.\n\nI do not know what exactly the staff here at Park on Fremont think customer service is. But it is definitely NOT treating your guests like they are an inconvenience or not worth your time and attention.\n\nI will not be returning to Park on Fremont until I hear that the staff has had a makeover. The food was amazing, but not good enough to make me want to have a horrible experience like that ever again.
My husband took our car in for a simple oil change because later that day we were leaving out of state to attend a funeral, at the end it almost cost us a new engine. \nNot even half way to our destination our car oil indicator came on. Dang! What was the issue we had just change our oil. Apparently there was a leak because during the oil change service, the parts were not replaced tightly, therefore causing the oil to leak out. I END UP PAYING FOR ANOTHER OIL CHANGE, AND for TOWING SERVICES. \nThen, the next day, i called Jiffy Lube and explain what happened to the store manager that because of their neglect my engine was almost ruined,  I have to pay for another oil change, and the cost towing the car to the nearest Toyota for services.  They were hesitant to negotiate any deals with me. The call ended when he became frustrated and hung up on me. This is ridiculous!!!! I will never go back to JIFFY again, PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE FOR THE SAFETY OF YOU AND YOUR CAR.  UNLESS YOU WANT POOR SERVICES!!!!
Amazing! This is cigar and pipe paradise. The selection is incredible: humidors, pipes and pipe tobacco, ashtrays, lighters and so many cigars it boggles the mind. Their walk-in humidor is the largest I have ever seen, easily the size of some entire stores. \n\nI've been in twice now. The first time the service was adequate, but the guy running the show was talking to some other customers so I could not judge the friendliness. Tonight was great. They took lots of time to answer my questions, show me their merchandise and just generally chit chat. Others have already mentioned the great smoking lounge. Unfortunately, membership costs $600 a year, which  is a little out of my price range right now. \n\nI did not see the barware that another reviewer mentioned. I asked and they said they had never carried anything like that, so I wonder if she was thinking of their other location. Anyway, I agree with her that this is definitely a "guy place.
Tasty shawarmas in a convenient location, across the street from broadview station. \n\nThe meat is shaved off the spit and grilled to form a bit of texture when you bite into the sandwich. Tasty and warm! They have the regular shawarma toppings - lettuce, onions, garlic (toum), pickled beets, cabbage. tomatoes, hot peppers, tabouleh (i think this is extra though). Tahini and hot sauce optional.  I recommend you do it up! have the sandwich as it was intended!!! The pita is then put on the grill press to toast the pita up a bit. \n\nThe sandwich is a good portion- it fills you up.  It's decently priced - not the cheapest - but not the most expensive. I think it's between 6-7 for sandwich and drink.\n\nI am also a huge fan of the fish. It's lighter, but definitely packs flavour. It does get a bit soggy at the end of the sandwich though. So maybe ask them to make sure to not go so heavy on the sauces. \n\nI have seen people get the plates - and they pile on the food! \n\nThey have daily specials- so falafel days I find are the most popular. \n\nThe guys working there are friendly, but not exactly the most efficient...service can be slow.
Great bar! The bartenders are awesome! Tori is one of the best. Never have to wait for a drink. Prices are reasonable. You can always make a friend at Cheers.
OK, this is not the kind of place I typically enjoy, but their Tuesday night trivia is a pretty good time. Teams compete for free, the emcee is funny and knowledgeable (without being too annoying or intrusive), and the questions can be challenging. They have decent drink specials, but be sure to grab a bite elsewhere before arriving at Jupiter's. The crab dip was *meh* and the pizza looked greasy and cold. The wide-open second level has pool tables, a huge patio, a bar and comfy seating. There is also a stage for who knows what...DJs, Karaoke, dancing, male strippers?? Not really sure. The main level is mostly video and arcade games with tons of kids running around. Not really my thing, but they all seem to be having a good time. I realize it's silly to complain about a bar that's brightly lit when the reason for being there is to play trivia, but I think the ambiance could improve if they would turn down the lights just a tad. \nI was going to rate Jupiter's with only 2 stars, but our server was very sweet and attentive, and all the trivia teams were having a great time. Yeah, I'll be back for trivia again, but it's definitely not a place for hanging out with friends.
Went last month with a friend. The vibe is very cool in a bohemian urban collegiate east village kinda way (for madison). I was pleasantly surprised. Service was good and fast. The food (mango curry, fresh rolls and soup) was soooo good I just wanted to smack my mama. No seriously it was spiced just right and very fresh. They care about the food they serve. Highly recommended. Not a first date kinda place.
This is a solid gym, I don't see why people would give it anything less than 4 stars. This place has everything from in-door pool, in-door track, separate rooms for free weights and machines galore. \n\nSome people complain about over crowding but if a machine you want is used, then use the next one and come back or run around the in-door track. \n\nOverall it's a good gym, only thing I don't like is food being cooked and served inside the gym. I really don't want to smell food cooking when I'm working out. - 1 star for that. \n\nOther than that service is decent but I'm there to work out not chit chat so that doesn't really matter to me.
I took 3 people in & we all received deluxe pedicures. We were seated immediately even tho we were 15 min early & had very good service throughout. Thank you, particularly, to Kim who tended to me. Will definitely return.
Sorry that you work at a busy airport. Sorry it's Sunday morning and you would rather be at home. Hey, gotta do what you gotta do. Suck it up. The one thing you have to always remember is customers first. Be friendly. Put on a happy face even when you don't want to. That's the name of the game no matter what your job is. Step it up guys. Southwest's reputation carried you to 2 stars.
Horrible service from everyone especially the people in sales. The only nice ones we have encountered is Herbert from ABC store and Silvia from front desk. Girls that worked at tours have attitude and doesn't want to make customers happy AT ALL. doesn't the hotel want people to have a good stay and think about getting a time share. If that's the plan they are failing at it horribly!! Ace tried to help us out with our problem but he couldn't. I do appreciate it but the other girls behind the counter couldn't careless about our situation at all. Which is pretty sad when it comes to customer service. First we got here we had problem with our registration and this girl named Elizabeth was horrible. She had such an angry\/careless face on which gave me a bad first impression about this hotel and resort. She looked like she didn't want to be there at all and when we came to her with our problem she didn't want to help us and tried to make us call a 1-800 number. I mean come on.. Really?!? I'm at the hotel and who else can fix my problem with registration. I just wish the resort could've handled out situation differently and tried to understand where we are coming from. I'm sure there's plenty of friendly staff here but I would like to see those staff on the front line and not the people that deserve to be behind the scenes where no one can see or hear them.
This place use to be pretty good, but they seriously suck now. I use to go once a week to get my car cleaned and always get the VIP wash. They do half ass jobs and always forget to vacuum my center console, even after being reminded to do so before I even hand over my keys. They will half dry your vehicle as well. I could keep going on and on about this place. I don't recommend going here. I will never go back here.
The Bacchanal is the buffet at Caesars Palace. It is one of the higher end buffets on the strip and I put it in the same category as the buffets at the Wynn, Bellagio, and Aria.  It is not cheap and runs in the $50 something range per person but it is pretty good.\n\nWhen you first walk in you will notice the seafood section.  This is the highlight of this buffet.  We came at the end of brunch so we were able to see both brunch and dinner.  For the brunch seafood selection, they had a few varieties of crab legs and claws.  They had smoked oysters which were full of flavor.  They had a creamy mussels dish that was also great.  They had a variety of other lesser options that I didn't mess with.  For the dinner seafood selection, they brought out the pacific oysters.  These oysters were huge but not my favorite flavor wise.  They also brought out a mixed selection of snow and Alaskan king crab on a shared bed of ice.  These were alright but kind of bland.  They had oyster shooters, which were of the non-alcohol variety and consisted of a raw oyster in a shot of thick bloody mary mix.  I tried one but it was not my favorite.  The oyster shooter should be done with vodka and splash of Tabasco only.  They also had sea snails.  I was in the adventurous mood, so I had a few.  Not bad, similar to a big chewy bite of clam meat.  Seafood station gets a 5 out of 5.\n\nThe next highlighted area of this buffet would be their meat\/carving station setup.  A various selection of large chunks of meats and sausages where you ask for said meat and they slice you off a piece.  This selection did not change between brunch and dinner.  I was not too impressed.  They had tri-tip, prime rib, "American waygu beef".  I asked for the rarest cut of the selection and the carver recommended the tri-tip.  It was alright, a little tough but OK.  Not too far from the carving station they had a bone marrow dish, which consisted of a half section of bone, filled with marrow and topped with some shredded beef.  Never tried the whole marrow slurping thing but gave it a try and it was alright.  The marrow was like a tender piece of fat with a very delicate consistency.  They also had a lamb dish I tried but the meat was tough. Overall, I would give the carving station\/meat area a 3 out of 5.\n\nThe third area, hidden in the back corner of the buffet, is the sushi\/dim sum area.  The sushi was very average.  The dim sum also likewise.  For dim sum, I went with the shiu mai (the shrimp dumplings in the translucent wrapper).  Typically, this is one of my favorites, but these were very bland and blanched.  Seafood\/dim sum sections gets a 3 out of 5.\n\nThere were many other sections; Mexican, salad bar, and most of the other sections you'd expect to find a buffet.  I didn't partake into these areas so I couldn't tell you too much.  Nothing really caught my eye there.\n\nTo wrap up the meal, we went for dessert and the Bacchanal dessert section was impressive.  A large variety of self serving sized portions of most of anything I could think of.  They had carrot cake, flan, creme brulee, a gelato station and countless other options.  High quality stuff. \n This section was done very well.  Dessert section gets a 5 for 5.\n\nIf you want to spend a little bit of change, the Bacchanal makes for a fulfilling lunch or dinner.
Holy crap, this place lives up to the hype. Arguably the best restaurant experience I had in Madison. We didn't even need to wait for a table... And on Memorial Day weekend! The environment is a little loud, but super cute and modern with lots of natural light. We got iced coffees which were not cold brewed but were high quality coffee (I wouldn't have known the difference but my boyfriend is a coffee connoisseur). The pancakes are light and fluffy and have a uniquely delicious flavor I can't put my finger on. I have no idea what they do to them but wow. The breakfast potatoes are some of the best I've had anywhere. My boo had the breakfast burrito and reported that it was "above average." Do yourself a favor and come here!!
This spot is Sleek, fun, and vibrant. The decor is amazing it looks like an upscale boutique\/bar. The location is right uptown you can sit outside and see the sitting while you eat. The best pictures for instagram of course. So I went for Sunday brunch I had the chicken and waffles. I know what you are thinking you have had one chicken and waffles you have had them all. But did all your chicken and waffles come with a $2 mimosa yes that's only during brunch. And are you surrounded by beautiful chandeliers the latest tunes from the radio and a centric type vibe. I think not. This place is hands down one of my new favorite brunch spots.
I called this company to cat-proof a high-rise balcony. Booking was a breeze, and Christian was a pleasure to work with. He called to confirm in the morning, arrived early, and patiently waited until I was ready for him. He was very accommodating and the work he did is impeccable. I would recommend this company to anyone in a heartbeat. Thank you so much, Christian!!! \n\n- Maggie
Usually have a good experience here, but tonight was terrible. The service was not as good as usual. They brought us the wrong food in the beginning. Then when our food came it was not good at all - first we ordered pizza & burger w fries and they were nasty so we ordered pretzel bites because we remembered them being good, but those came out bad as well. Not sure if they've changed a lot but I would not want to go back after tonight.
Love her! Very personable! Felt like I knew her for years! We talked and got along great! Made for a very comfortable photo shoot!!! Pictures were perfect! She captured OUR love perfectly! Now if I could just get her to visit the north bay to do our newborn photo shoot!!
FINALLY closed its doors ! Let's hope it never opens again. Place was run like a disco..... good riddance !! Barely ok for underground music supporters like myself. Fuck 'em ! Sadly, I hafta rate this hole so I'll give it a one but I don't really mean it.
I called Jim Meyers plumbing to fix my 3 handle American Standard hot\/ cold faucet handles in my bathroom tub. The faucet handles rotated 360 degrees and the water only "shutoff" when the handles were in the horizontal position. Additionally, the transfer valve was leaking from the middle shower handle. The first plumber that was sent to repair the faucets could not fix this issue. His solution was to adjust the hot\/cold handles vertically (downward), so it was easier to position the handles in an off position...they still rotated 360 degrees. He could not remove the center shower handle because he did not bring Allen wrenches, fortunately I had them. Once the handle was removed, he indicated he did not have the transfer valve to make the repair. I needed this repair completed within 3 days, so I asked if they had this part at the shop. He said they did not, although he would check with the owner. I asked if he could just order the part and have it overnighted. He said it would take 3-5 days to get the part and it would be quicker if I ordered it. He said once the part was in, it would take a  1\/2 hour to install. I asked if he could remove the transfer valve, so I could take it Home Depot or a Plumbing Supply Store to get a replacement. He said he did not have the tool to remove. I did convey to the dispatch staff that I had an American Standard faucet when I initially made the service call. He prepared the bill for 2 hours at $199.85. \n\nSince I did not hear back from the plumber regarding the transfer valve, I ordered it from Amazon. \n\nPlumber II was prepared. He fixed the issue with the faucets so they actually stopped and did not rotate 360 degrees. For the center shower handle valve, the part I ordered from Amazon was stripped, however the plumber did have the part on his truck and he quickly repaired it. Plumber II was very nice and said he would talk to the owner regarding the work of Plumber 1 - he agreed with me that the work was subpar. He said the owner would 'make things right'. Charge for the second service $233.05.\n\nI did not receive a call from the owner, so I called...twice. Subsequently, the owner's wife called to discuss. After going over the work performed, I said I did not feel the charge was right since the first plumber really did not do anything other than remove the center shower handle (it was stripped, he sawzalled it off). She first stated that she could not provide a refund for the work performed because they had to charge for the time spent trying to repair the issue. I asked her if charging $432 was fair. After further discussion, she said she would refund one of the travel charges ($34.95) and that was the best she could do.\n\nI called a plumber for this simple repair because I wanted the job to be performed correctly - this is a rental property and did not want further issues. In hindsight I should have called a handyman, they probably would have at least brought tools...live and learn I guess.
I'm shocked I never reviewed this Yardhouse, as I must have found myself sitting here once a week. I visited Las Vegas this past weekend, and this location is just as awesome as I recall. Hands down, the best Yardhouse I've been to.\n\nThe food quality is consistent. There are plenty of vegetarian menu items prepared with Gardein's meat substitute. The Thai chicken salad is delicious, as is the chicken\/mushroom macaroni and cheese, firecracker wings, and buffalo chicken pizza. They have wonderful French onion soup, and a ton of delicious appetizers. To name a few, I enjoy the grilled artichoke, spicy tuna roll, coconut shrimp, and moo shu egg rolls. The small plates are affordable sharing options; the flatbreads, deviled eggs, and ceviche are my choices. Obviously, I eat here a lot. AND THE BEER. PLENTY OF DELICIOUS BREWS ON TAP. Listen, there's really nowhere else in Vegas I'm going to find a decent selection of porters and stouts, so it's only natural I come here. \n\nThe service here has always been 5 stars, for the 5 and a half years I lived here and even during my last visit. The wait may look horrific, but I've never waited longer than 30 minutes on a Saturday night, and the staff is super friendly and very good at what they do. It may get noisy in here, but the ambiance is nice and the restaurant is clean. Huge bar, and outdoor dining is also an option.
I was so excited for Craft to open!  Atmosphere is amazing, relaxing and inviting.  My Citrus lobster was delicious! My friend had Turkey sliders and we shared garlic fries which were perfectly seasoned and crispy.  We also split a hot cinnamon roll that was perfection.  Our server was great and sweetly kept re-filling my ice tea as I obnoxiously couldn't get enough. Will definitely be back.
First walk in right at 11:00 AM, I'm the only customer in the place. You know that feeling you get when NO ONE is in a restaurant you walk into, it's like uh oh, this place must be bad?! As I stand looking around, asking my self if I really want to stay, I am greeted by Celeste, she kindly tells me to have a seat anywhere I like. She honestly made me feel welcome right away, so I decide heck yeah I'm eating here! Celeste and I strike up a conversation about BBQ, and she tells me all about the sausage that is ground in house, and how much pride and time is put into the food at SNS. Then she tells me something that means a lot to a true BBQ aficionado, they serve the smoked meats here WITHOUT SAUCE!!!! Ever wonder why most places serve Q drowning in sauce? its because they are hiding the fact that they can't smoke good Q! Not here, SNS serves some kick ass Q, and they don't cover everything in sauce because they let the flavor of the meat and smoke shine. \n\nI ordered the three meat combo with one side. \n\nBrisket\nPulled pork\nRibs\nSmoked beans\n\nEPIC MEAL!! Brisket had a wonderful pink smoke ring and was cooked perfectly. Pulled pork was so tender and buttery, like pork heaven. Those ribs are unreal, full of flavor, meaty and oh so tender!! Smoked baked beans are also full of flavor with the perfect balance of sweet and heat.\n\nHands down one of the best Q restaurants I have experienced. Celeste is a wonderful lady and made me feel so at home, and the food is full of love and pride!\nOh and that empty restaurant I walked into, quickly filled up 5 minutes after I walked in!! \n\nP.S. That cup of beans was full to the top but I snuck several bites before I took the pic! Muahaha
The Vig is a little too far away and a little too expensive for it to be a regular spot for my group. That said, I've never had a bad night at a Vig (there are two locations now - so be specific when telling your friends where you are!)\n\nIt's a very cool atmosphere, but sort of hard to describe. I almost want to call it a classy neighborhood bar? I mean the look and feel of it is very classy, and you get the feeling you should dress a little nicer than just heading to a pub, but then they have games, like bocce ball, that make it feel like your neighborhood bar. Very cool. \n\nI could see this being a great default spot for a young adult, professional crowd. Especially if you live nearby. Definitely check it out.
The Orleans Hotel was a great place to hold a high school reunion. Everything was great except the lighting in the rooms and most important there was not a magnifying mirror in the bathroom. The counter top was huge and deep which made it almost impossible to get a close up look in order to put on eye make-up. I know poor me but we \nwant to look our best.
Ordered the spaghetti with a side salad and chocolate cake, the noodles were so chewy, the salad was warm? Weird, I know, and the chocolate cake, which the waitress swore by, was so dry. This place is over priced and most definitely not better than Olive Garden. Hopefully this review helps your decision when deciding where to go for dinner!
Awesome food and drinks! One of the best pizzas I've ever had. The staff is all very knowledgable of the menu which is a plus and I believe all their ingredients are imported!!
The key to this place is ordering right! Highly recommend their fried chicken or chicken jambalaya. Friendly staff and owner keep us coming back. This is a must to try if you are in the south Charlotte area. \n\nBut keep in mind seating inside and the outside waiting area is limited and its first come first serve.
Amazingly yummy food n great dining experience..  got free chips and 3 kinds of salsa to start with. We ended up eating 3 servings of those between two of us. We ordered shrimp taco and veggie burrito.. Very fresh and delicious.. Also the chef came to the table to check on the food.. Very sweet waitress Annabelle.. Cannot ask for more.. Highly recommend this place.
Very friendly and caring staff! Dr Brian Page listened to my concerns and came up with a treatment plan that fits with my lifestyle. I felt he really care and I don't feel like I'm just a number in a medical center. Great patient care.
The food was very tasty, came hot. I have been there twice now. Soometimes,  find " over kill" on welcoming. Quite costly, if u account for having a few drinks. Having a nice big bottle of water to share is nice while ur waiting. Desserts are limited, but, sweet. We ordered a take out snapper, but, came home & it was a salmon ( more costly).  But, the worst part about the take out for my husband, is they put on salad dressing " on" the salad. Which, i do not believe should be done, as when my husband was able it eat it, the salad was a soggy mess in a paper container & it was discarded. Pizza was great. The " Charity bread" I find is TOO much butter. My son & I have agreed not to buy it again. \nHe ordered the chicken Parmesan. Not consistent with portions from one visit to the next. All in all, it was good
I have been coming here for just about a year now and over the course of at least a dozen dinners here I have never been disappointed.\n\nUpon entering the establishment you are greeted warmly in Japanese by the entire staff.  The setting is comfortable and dimly lit and gives you a sense of privacy even when you are sitting at one of the many seats in the middle.  Also a little tip, you can put your purse\/bag in the space under your seat as the seat is a hollowed out rectangle.\n\nThe food has been consistently great and the chef really takes pride in how every dish is presented.  The fish is generously cut and the sushi rice is just perfect.  The kushi (skewers) come with your choice of 3 flavours: sea salt, spicy sauce, teriyaki sauce.  Keep in mind that Japanese spicy sauce is more on the sweet side so don't expect much of a sting if spicy is your thing.  The skewers are all made to order and taste great.  The sake selection is fantastic and they now also offer a special on Sapporo pints for $2.95 everyday after 9pm.  It really is a great little place for casual drinks and tasty snacks.  The service is spectacular and you never feel overlooked as the staff are all very attentive and polite--they crouch at your table whenever they need to take orders or answer questions.  On many occasions I have been on the receiving end of complimentary dishes, even on very busy nights!\n\nAt the end of the meal they walk you out the door and thank you for coming no matter the weather.  They really take hospitality to the next level!
As a party of 9, we showed up about an hour and 10 minutes before closing. We were seated at the back of the restaurant with a great view out the windows.  Unfortunately, the staff had already started putting the chairs on top of the tables surrounding us.  It was so off-putting that we agreed to leave and go to the other location after we finished appetizers.  We mentioned to our server why we were leaving and his response was, "I can take the chairs off if it's bothering you."  Still didn't take them down, so we left and had a great experience at the other location. FWIW, the appetizers were great.
Chris is the man to go to at Moon Valley Nursery in Chandler-never self absorbed-goes out of his way to make things right for you! \nI have a backyard that is to die for ! They are simply the best- If you ever need anything- Chris will help you! he loves what he does and it shows!\nMilitary Discounts are available because they love us vets!!!
We usually come here to get food without an issue. Just recently there has been a new employee who always messes up orders and is very rude. \n\nIf we place an order for something we get something else. If we call for meat he hangs up, is rude, and very inconsiderate. \n\nI wouldn't recommend this place to anyone anymore until the staff is taught how to work properly FOR THE CUSTOMER.
I've been to this Walgreens twice with my Service Dog. They were so much more polite. On both occasions, the pharmacy staff even offered to give her a treat. It might be worth my while to just drive the extra distance to be treated with dignity at this store instead of the 107th\/McDowell Location. I appreciate the kindliness and courteous behavior of the staff.
Food\/Price\n- Hell's Kitchen Burger - Asadero cheese, jalapeno peppers, and avocado. The burger was decent, however, the jalapeno peppers were too spicy for me. The bun was soft and fluffy but the beef was bland and overcooked. \n- Sweet potato fries and truffle parmesan fries - The fries made up for the burger. The sweet potato fries with powdered sugar were amazing! The truffles fries were crispy but too salty with the sea salt and truffle aioli.\n- It's Vegas. Gordon Ramsay. Price is going to be on the higher end. It is what it is.\n\nService\n- Waitress was informative and attentive. Techy place where they use IPad's as menus.\n- Place was packed but the waitress still checked up on us every 5-10 minutes. I forgot our waitresses name but she was nice, friendly, and polite.\n\nAmbiance\/Location\n- Located at Planet Hollywood. Casual environment.\n\nRecommendation\n- Place gets packed but once you put your name down, you don't have to wait in line. You can walk around,gamble, or shop and the hostess will call you once they have your table ready.\n- MUST TRY the sweet potato fries!
I always say if their fries are good, then their everything is good. Lunch special: extra thick bacon with grilled jalapeños, guacamole, lettuce, tomato on a toasted toll with some aioli I believe. Absolutely delicious and fast with some efficient service. Great find!
I travel to Arizona once a month . Came across Pita shack ..I wanted a healthy lunch. Placed looked nice , clean with sit down tables.. Right away I was greeted by the super friendly owner who gave many suggestions since this was my first time eating there . I decided \non the combination feast which is a sampler platter including  the different meats: Kifta, Steak and Chicken Shawerma. Wow!!! The flavors were AMAZING !! The portions generous so I was able to bring home leftovers..Again the owner was so polite & attentive & offered me a free bowl of yummy lentil soup..Another gift to my tastebuds !! ...\n\n This first experience eating at the Pita Shack left such a good taste in my mouth  & lasting impression that every time I travel to Arizona I make sure I stop in and eat   ..Its refreshing coming from California to experience such hospitality & unique flavor all the while healthy & reasonably priced..\n\nI have also tried their Gyros , which are my favorite ! OFF THE HOOK !!  The combo meal I ordered was served hot & fresh in a soft pita with Greek Fries (yum)and drink all under $7.00 . You cant beat that value & sooooo tasty !!... I  even asked for them to pack me some Gyros to go to take back with me .. Too bad we dont have a Pita shack yet in California :( .. I have tried Gyro places here and there & none compare .\n\n Salads are also generously sized .. Fresh  & loaded w\/ lots of  extra vegies that you dont normally get in a typical salad..\nDont forget the baklava for dessert ..Its heavenly & under $2.00--   \nTry this place - you wont regret it ..
I really enjoyed this place, it's a nice alternative to the rushed pace of other establishments.  Here you fill out forms with the quantities of the items you'd like. If you don't know what the items are, have no fear! They have laminated picture menus upon request. This method requires more work from you but the trade - off is fresh items straight from the kitchen. We were a party of 3 adults and 1 child, and ended up ordering 11 dishes, which meant plenty of left overs. Pre - tip I think it came to around $70 (including a soda). Everything I tried was very good, the congee is probably my favorite version thus far. \nAs an aside, it's a clean restaurant which my bf insists is really important.
Finally, I found a barber that can cut a flattop. Did a great job. No stray long hairs around the ears, just a really good cut.
This place was really good. I called them in the morning and they had an availability that day for a cut and colour with a senior stylist 1. She was really good, I left the salon with Victoria Secret bouncy hair :)
$200 for 2 people, we paid to skip the line and still had a long wait. The drinks didn't come out until we were finished eating our first plate. The food was mediocre and looked much better than it tasted. The staff was friendly, but unfortunately I did not get my monies worth.
Showed up on time and were really friendly and courteous.  Definitely would use again.
Excellent work! Honestly affordable, easy to work with, and communicative. Would definitely recommend!
This is an awesome authentic Mexican style restaurant. It allows room for a sit down or you can take it to go. Open kitchen. Quick service. Driving by it, you would never think anything of it. Great prices, Definitely a must try!!!
This is one of my mainstay spots, when the sun is out and I want to feel like I have gone out on the town, off I go to Mon Ami Gabi. It really is a combination of the ambiance and the food, how can you go wrong when you are sitting outside, enjoying french food, faced with the spectacular performance of the Bellagio fountains, topped with the shockingly, in-your-face exposure of the best people watching in Las Vegas. I love it! Having worked in the fashion business for years, largely based in New York, I am thoroughly convinced that the true pleasures of Vegas demands that every man and women dig deep into their closet and find that outfit that screams 'take me to Vegas', chosen completely for our entertainment.  Keep in mind, you choose to go at a busy time and want to sit outside, as half the world does in the nice weather, you need to strategically pick that off moment or you will have a long wait. Everyone wants to sit outside. \n\nOk, now lets address the food, it is excellent for the most part. I always seem to order the Steak and Frites Classic and it is delicious, however, my only pet peeve, which I always forget to mention, is that when I ask for the sauce on the side they bring it near frozen. I never get that, I think the obvious thing would be to serve it slightly heated rather then chilled. Well, they never fail to do it and if I can't get my ducks in order to  remember to point that out. By the way, the muscles are to die for. I also recommend that you sign up for their rewards program to earn points. It is worth it as we were just there the other day and I had a $40.00 credit, nice perk, It bought my wine.\n\nI have always had great table service with interesting waiters\/waitresses and the busser's are on it. But, it is a hit-miss with the hostess stand. I have this frustration with those holding the 'first' position who cannot look me in the eye and giggle between each other. My experiences have often started with an unpleasant and often somewhat confused hostess. Unlike a tourist, I am a sure thing, as I know what is behind the door, but if I was a visitor there are many occasions where I would simply pass on the wait due to the rude, impersonal interaction with the host. Front desk aside, it is a fantastic spot and great food!!
So I called ahead before I even went into the store. I have been looking for a very specific movie (series) that not a lot of places carry. So the guy that answered the phone was very helpful and informative about what they may or may not have. He kindly placed me on hold so that he could go look it up. After about two minutes, he came back on the line to give me good news that they had it. I immediately drove over to go pick it up and he was very helpful in expediting that situation and giving great customer service. He also was talking to me about possible options to join their vip club for discounts. I also came to find that this store not only has some new and pre-owned dvds\/cds\/etc, but they buy things from people when you no longer want something you own. Pretty cool...I'll be back.
Great place For a good dining  experience. A bit on the pricey side. Wine list is average given its list and prices are way off . I recommend that you try the tasting menu. It gives a good culinary experience at the most reasonable price . The restaurant does not get five stars due mainly to its price quantity ratio.
I've been to this place 2 times already. The first time I went was last month and it was decent. Not good, but not bad. I decided to take my parents there and give this place another chance.. And I regret it! \nWe ordered: \nSticky rice cupcake- it was literally MICROWAVED for too long. Yes .. I said microwaved. The rice had became dry and crunchy! Gross.. \nSesame noodles: it was okay, I've had better. \nPork stew over rice: it was probably the only good thing we ordered.. \nStinky tofu: they took 30min or more making it... Half the batch was freshly fried and half was old (they tried to re fry it to hide the oldness) \n\nAnyways, i wont be back...another disappointing Taiwanese place. I'll rather go to tea station..
Update (07\/16\/15): I will sing the praises of Percy's for as long as I live in Madison (and probably long after)! They fit my car in today to reattach the heat shield. No more rattling! Once again, they saved the part that rusted away in order to show me how it worked and the bill was WAY lower than I was previously quoted by another shop. These guys are excellent!
Great place to buy jewelery.  They offer lifetime warranties if you have you jewelery inspected twice a year.   This includes replacing diamonds if you lose one and your inspections are current. The warranty also includes free ring sizing as often as you like.
this place is so good...love that there's a few locations around toronto. the vibe\/energy here is awesome. people from all walks of life too! if i lived in toronto, i'd eat here almost every day!
Leslie Juencke had helped assist my boyfriend and I with the living room and bedroom furniture for our new condo.  She was kind, patient, and listened to our needs.  She understood we had  a budget, but also had a certain style, and took that into consideration with everything she had shown us.\n\nI appreciate her time and patience, and anyone would be lucky to work with her.  Thank you Leslie!
I am no expert on Korean cuisine but Bi Bim Bap is yummy. I have yet to eat in but have had both take out and delivery and the food is great, the place is spotless, delivery is fast (under 20 minutes) and the staff is soooooo friendly.  My usual order is:\nJap Chae\nWarm Sweet Potato Glass Noodle Salad. $4.99\nDuk Po Ki (very spicy but if you don't like spicy you can order a sweet soy glaze)\nRice Cakes made from steamed rice cooked in a spicy sauce. Very common street food found in most Korean cities. $4.99\nand\nSTONE BOWL RICE: $12.99 (the following dishes do not have the BiBimBap veggies)\nStart with a choice of White or Brown Rice. with double chicken and Extra Hot GoChuJang\n\nmmm mmm mmm
Called me today from a "spoofed" number. I know it's spoofed because I got a call with the same number from another business that has zero to do with glass. I'm on the FTC do not call list. In my opinion this company lacks ethics since they call knowing I don't want to be solicited by phone.\n\nI will continue to rate every business that violates the law until they stop! \n\nBTW, They are not BBB accredited so caveat emptor.
I've been coming here since the day it opened, and it's always been fantastic.  The owner, Tony, has several restaurants in China, and he knows what he's doing.  \nI know a lot of Chinese people that come here to get their authentic fix.\nEat here, it won't disappoint.
First time here. Atmosphere very trendy and I loved the high ceilings.\n\nFood was delicious, Fleur offers tapas style as well as entrees. From French, Spanish, American there is something for everyone.\n\nStarters: \n*Tapas from Spain: grilled octopus with potatoes\n*White onion truffle soup*** I definitely recommend this \n*Arugula Salad: way too salty and very plain \n*Bread basket: they charge $1.25 for two pieces of bread, good but not worth the charge. I feel like bread should be free especially at a fancy place like this.\n\nEntrée:\n*Roasted chicken: a bit salty\n*Braised short rib with mashed potatoes (so tender and juicy) \n\nDessert:\nSince it was my birthday, the server was nice enough to give me a complementary cupcake, that was a nice touch \n*Pistachio\/ Coffee creme brûlée: good finish to whole experience not overly sweet  \n\nDrinks: specialty cocktails some type of mijito and a cosmo\n\nOverall food was good chicken and salad was salty but honestly that's the only thing I could complain about. Service was good. She could have been a bit more attentive. Took awhile to get Our drinks. There is so many fancy upscale restaurants in Vegas so I'm not sure if I would return. But definitely worth trying!!
The Burger I had was the Chipotle Burger. The pattie was cooked just right. Buns toasted perfectly, sauce was spicy but not overly spicy and burger was a decent size. The fries where bland lacking in taste even after adding ketchup and salt. That to me was the only negative on food. The service was ok given the girl was totally per occupied by the guy she was ether "seeing" or "trying to see", but she was polite. Going back is a possibility for me
Took a ride on our trip to Vegas and found this quaint cozy restaurant on Yelp. Highly recommend the Huevos Rancheros! Friendly owners and great little town. Worth the ride!
Sow's Ear is a great place to come and knit in a relaxing, friendly environment.  Their hours are extensive - 6:30 am to 8:30 pm weekdays unless it is Late Night which is the first and third Friday of the month when closing time is 11:00 pm.  Weekend hours are 7:00 am to 5:00 pm.  The food and beverages are quite tasty and available until closing time.  I am glad this wonderful oasis was recommended when I wanted to learn to knit.
went here with my friend for breakfast. we had two babies with.  wait was very long, so i was expecting amazing food. food came undercooked. staff was very nice though. but the food was disgusting. im not sure how you screw up omlets but they managed to do that.  i will never eat here again. i personally prefer the cracked egg in henderson for breakfast.
The Southwest Airlines wing at Mccarron sucks for one single reason... There is no place to plug in.   1\/2 the plugs don't work.   There's a charging station over in an area where if you charge there you can't hear any announcements.   If you carry a phone with you, (everyone) then avoid Vegas and Southwest of you can.
Day and time of incident: Sunday, April 6, 2014 - 10:40am.\n\nI'll make it brief.. ordered food, 20 minutes later, still no food. Hungry, want to get on the road asap. Decided instead of arguing for food to get refund and head across the street to In N Out. (Should of been first choice, shot my own foot!) *sigh*\n\nNot exactly sure who is at fault here, whether management or employee.\n\n  Apparently this female employee did not have the competence to add up my order and refund my money.. maybe if she was a teenager, that would of been excusable.\n  As she was pushing buttons on the monitor and looking back and forth at my receipt, she started twitching and looked liked the monitor was a ticking time bomb from how fast she was going trying to disable it from blowing her into smithereens. After a few unfortunate attempts and still unable to add up the order to the equivalent price for refund, she jumped, panicked, starting speaking gibberish and then turned around and left to the back of the kitchen.\n\nExtremely disrespectful leaving us there and would say unprofessional of her but then again, not sure if her (just assuming) G.E.D or high school diploma even covered that term. Which then points to management and the kind of training they provide to their employees.\nPoor lady, sure do feel sorry for her. Supervisor gave me my refund, ate a delicious burger from In N Out, drove back to California.\n\nCustomer Service = ZERO stars.\n\nWords of Wisdom:Stay In School Kids and Get Good Grades.
Classy place! I don't smoke but I still liked the place. \nI didn't like the bartender- he wasn't attentive(maybe tired?). I think place is worth of visiting. \nI liked the interior and music. Good place to chill
i havent been to many vegan raw places.  They are extremely thoughtful and creative. \n\nThe food is tasty but it was so salty i couldn't finish it.\n\nmaybe its better on a good day\n\neeekk
The only reason I'm giving Olive Garden a star is because of their salad and breadsticks! I honestly don't know how they can charge so much for crappy pasta and subpar meats?! It used to be ok but over the past few years portions have gotten smaller and prices went up! I will not be returning unless there's an improvement!!
Come here often service often slow. Today was the worst. 5 people working no one even trying to keep line moving. Everyone moving in slow motion. Almost every bagel gone at 8:30. Coffee empty. Just awful.
I have to say this is amazing pizza! The staff has been so nice every time we order as well. I am pretty picky and feel this is one of three places I will only order from. Perfect.
Not the typical type of Mexican food that I go for but it is good more of a commercial Mexican than I generally like but the great staff has always been consistent along with the food, which is what makes me fall in the four star rating.
Consistent and yummy :) I quite enjoyed the pork bone soup and I like that they let you do a combo option with a small soup and small portion of meat. Get to try the best of both worlds!\n\nThe banchan here is delicious and there's plenty of options. I'm never a fan of their kimchi though and I really love kimchi usually. \n\nThe staff are friendly and the place is quite clean. I'd keep coming back :)
I'm a big fan of the new AA!  The service is squared away. My last few experiences with other airlines has been subpar. I do my best now to choose American.
- Burrito was not as clean as other restaurants. Didn't feel good after eating\n- Had a lot of salt
Sorry to rate you low, but your drive thru is so slow omg .  All you need to do is serve burger n fries and drinks, wow
The guys here remind me of my family... Super nice, to the point about your car needs, and absolutely no pressure!  When I arrived, they gave me a news paper, coffee, and the t.v. remote. I feel right at home.  Oh, and they offer free yearly checks and service on all brakes!  Cool :)
Formally trained chef shows in the food offered and the great flavor when eaten.  So many choices. Love this place.  Must admit I was surprised......expected bar food but it's so much more.  The Greek custard pastry for dessert was to die for.  Exceptional attention by the servers.
Umm.  This place.  I can't knock the good as was really quite good.  A bit over done on presentation which they certainly charge for.  \n\nThe Izikaya style of restaurant is indeed small plates for sharing which I live.  Baku have joined Izikaya with fine dining. In my opinion this does not work.  Supposed to be inexpensive and pub type atmosphere which Baku is neither. \n\nThe waiters are well trained and well informed but this does not help the sell.  They don't help you organize the order very well.  \n\nOk Ok.  In short. Great food, pretentious attitude and over the top setting.  May suit some but if I am going to pay for and wish to have fine dining. I will do just that, not try for the casual sharing experience of Izikaya in a pompous setting. \n\nGood is great but will not return. Sorry.  Unless they lighten up.  Let me know. \n\nBest.  \n\nSC.
I went to this restaurant during their sod opening and the views were absolutely amazing sitting on the lake but the food was just so so. The waiters were very nice but the extremely slow service was also a turn off because we kept receiving our food cold. This restaurant is set up with courses and we had 5 ( if I remember correctly) they totally forgot our 3rd and 4th course and tried to give us dessert after we spent almost an hour waiting from the 2nd course. \nMaybe one day we can give itg another shot and I can update this review with a better one.
Love the decor and the "girls" (a.k.a. servers) are absolutely adorable!  My girlfriend's kids love the California rolls and sliders!  We love the variety of udons!  Don't forget to order the honey toast for dessert!  Definitely must save room in your tummy for that! LOL!
This place is BOMB! The Texas toast is everything and the chicken is so juicy! The Coleslaw is okay, nothing to rave about. Give it a try!
I took my car here to fix my manual clutch, but decided to have someone else fix it after being quoted $1000 less from another shop. The customer service here is HORRIBLE and the people are extremely rude...so rude that I would have paid more to have it fixed somewhere else just to avoid being talked down to.
Four stars for delicious food. The place was packed to the rafters on Saturday night so make a reservation well in advance. We had apps, and entree, and split a chocolate dessert sampler. Heavenly! Nice bar and good wine selection. Arrive early! Our service was still spot-on and we were seated relatively quickly but still had to wait about 15 minutes despite having reservations.
Best breakfast in town hands down. I drive FAR to eat here and do it on a regular basis. Great breakfast at a fair price and friendly staff. I just wish I was closer.
Stopped by here for a mid-afternoon bite, and was a little disappointed to find that they were out of jerk chicken.  Luckily, they had some in the oven and we had only wait 10 minutes before we were served.  So for $10 we were served four pieces of piping hot jerk chicken, one large plate of rice and beans with a generous helping of gravy, and one coleslaw.  Good value.\n\nThe coleslaw was yummy (perhaps the best I've had), the rice with gravy was so tasty, and the chicken was pretty good as well... except it *wasn't* jerk chicken!  It was like some kind of rotisserie or bbq chicken with a bit of a kick, but definitely not authentic jerk.  I don't know if this was a one-off (looking at the other reviews on here), or whether people just don't know what real jerk is.  Strangely, in other respects the place was very authentic and had a true Jamaican vibe.\n\nI'm willing to give this place another shot, but the jerk here cannot compare with the stuff I had at the Ritz located at Yonge & College.  You know, the kind with the strong flavorful jerk spices, and the meat that just falls off the bone.
Visiting in Glendale, we ate here after hearing about it on DDD.\n\nThe food was excellent.  The calamari was light and not overbattered, and was not chewy at all.  Cooked to perfection.\n\nWe ordered pizzas and ravioli, and they were very good.\n\nThe waitstaff was very friendly and helpful.  A wonderful experience.\n\nThe only downside was they served sodas out of a bottle, which can get expensive with kids around.
I salute the team that designed the space and setup. Trendy with a good sports straight up bar vibe. Definitely a place you could feel comfortable bringing a boss, coworker, just the friends or if you are a solo adventurist, it works. \nThe bartender did make a good old fashioned with a bit too large of a block of ice. \nThe bar was loud, and by that, when the server can't hear your order, I mean loud. \nThe menu has some great ethnic blends with traditional bar burger and steak options. I ventured for the curry crisp cauliflower and the lettuce wraps and also had a friend try the butter chicken entree. While the concept was good the flavors fell shy. The cauliflower was a little undercooked and not enough sauce to blend the flavors causing the curry spice to be overpowering. The lettuce wraps lacked all flavor and just weren't good. \nIn addition while I love the attention, having multiple servers is confusing. \nOverall not a place I'd eat at again although a drink could draw me in
Showed up to the restaurant around 4pm and the place was not too crowded. We were sat promptly and our waiter came to get our drink request. With two other family members we ordered waters and 2 happy hour Margaritas and chips and salsa. The chips and salsa were delivered first after a few minutes. The waters did not come for another ten-fifteen minutes. Once the waters came it took another ten minutes for the Margaritas, when they arrived our order was then taken. When we received our drinks I asked for another basket of chips and cup of salsa. 15-20 minutes later we received our food. After we were done eating our entrees the request chips and salsa were brought to the table, we declined them as we were already ready to leave at this point. When the check came they attempted to charge us for the second basket of chips and salsa. I explained we would not be paying for the chips and salsa we did not take because it took until we were done eating when they arrived and we declined them. In the time it took to receive our food I noticed a couple behind us complain once that they did not receive drinks or food yet, while eating our food theirs was not delivered and they ended up leaving after complaining to the manager. Overall the food and drinks were good but the service and time it took to receive everything was just awful. Will not return to this place on my next visit.
First off, the owner is lovely. She was very personable and our dog liked spending time with her. Sadly, that's the only positive feedback I have. \n\nAfter an afternoon tromping around in the woods, we took our long-haired dog in for a bath. I called ahead on the phone to confirm pricing and make sure they had an opening. I was told $32 for a bath based on her weight and extra if we wanted to have her nails trimmed. \n\nWe dropped her off and had to repeatedly explain that, no, we don't want her fur cut, she just needs a bath and maybe her pads trimmed, but that's it. We were asked to pay before the service (which is fine, except for the fact that we were charged $60, not $32 as originally told) and asked for a tip before the service was rendered... Repeatedly clarified that, no, she didn't need a haircut, just a bath and a bit of polish. \n\nImagine my chagrin when we come back two hours later to see our poor dog that has been groomed within an inch of her life. The groomer probably took a good four inches off EVERYWHERE. And I mean everywhere. Oh, except where we'd specifically asked for it: no pad trimming was done! I'd even made a point to say, please don't cut her feathering on her legs and chest when we dropped her off, but it fell on deaf ears. Her coat has been completely butchered and I'm just hoping a few months will be enough for her to look more like herself. \n\nTL;DR: friendly, but overpriced. Feel like they didn't listen to us at all and our dog ended up with a butchered (unrequested) haircut. We will not be going back.
This place was simply wonderful. I have tried several sushi places in Madison (probably all of them) and in my opinion this was the best. I didn't expect this delicious sushi from a place that has both a Chinese and a Japanese menu, but it was really good. The only thing I didn't love was the chef's special. The prices and the atmoshpere was really nice too.
Went here for first time in years to practice Bingo with Teri W & her folks, my Mom & Beet. I am a crappy player (not since NY church playing w my Nonna) and stamping through all my cards only made it suckier. Yet, anytime my complete ignorance at a task I'm trying to master can amuse people I love: win! Thanks to ALL for their patience with me & Teri W for multi daubers! \n\nDid I win? No. Did any of us? No. But we sure had many laughs and I'm looking forward to redemption at the UYE. Or tons more public humiliation. Who cares?! It was fun, and that is what life is all about! \n\nMy name is Christie O and I'm a power dauber..\n\n\nYelp 100 Challenge
I got the black ramen and my date got the spicy tonkotsu. The spicy tonkotsu initially comes as a normal tonkotsu and then you mix the spicy red stuff in the soup to make it spicy. My date really liked that the get to enjoy two flavors. He also said that the spicy thing is like spicy miso so it adds additional flavor\/depth. The kuro ramen was really good, just the right amount of garlic so I didn't feel the need to add any(there's garlic on the table if you want to add it). We also got gyoza and fried rice. The gyoza was good but I was really really fascinated by the fried rice. That was like the perfect fried rice you would get at a Japanese ramen place. Wish I lived closer so I could go back. \n\nWe got there like ten minutes after opening on Sunday and the place was already filled.
I would highly recommend Fred Astaire Dance Studios, especially the Paradise Valley location!  They offer different levels of instruction from novice to advanced techniques and styles.  In addition, they have many different styles of dance that are available to learn.  The group classes, workshops and group outings are so much fun!  They always greet us whenever my fiancé and I walk into the location and they always make us feel welcome.  Every instructor is friendly and always willing to answer questions.\n\nWe are currently taking private lessons with Jasmine and she is absolutely amazing!  We came in with the thought of only learning a simple dance for our wedding dance and we have already learned 4 new dances and have greatly improved our dancing skills and techniques.\n\nThe facility is always clean and has a great feel and atmosphere.  The best part is, they can accommodate just about any type of schedule with their lessons.  You can definitely feel the energy when people are in the studio and dancing.
Went today for lunch. Lunch specials are affordable and food had good flavour but I left hungry.
These guys are first class here!!\nWe came to this store, cuz our tire had gotten a piece of metal sticking out of it and the pressure was going low, fast! \nLet me add that we rolled up, 5 minutes to closing!!! \nAfter being told there was no way to repair it, we were left having to buy a new tire. \nRichard Pueyo offered to have it replaced right away and asked if that's what we wanted to do. \nI can't tell you how thankful we are to Richard and Ruben for helping us out at the last minute!!!\nYou guys are awesome!!!! Thank you Richard and Ruben!!!
Graveyard server is absolutely shitty, sat for almost 15 minutes and got no service what so ever. It'd be one thing if it was busy but there was only one other table in the entire place(sitting right next to us) and he went up to them, even though they were seated way after us and still completely ignored us. Shitty ass service!
This place is awesome. My hairstylist Monica is amazing. I always leave with a highly satisfied cut. You can drink beer and take shots while you are here and even shoot some pool. Overall, this place is an affordable high class place for men to pamper themselves.
This is a Taco Bell. I will not talk much about the food, because it is a Taco Bell. You know what you can expect. \n\nWhat I -will- say is I have never had anything screwed up here. I've been to Taco Bells where ordering a 7-layer burrito (one of my favorite items) means you get something that tastes entirely of guacamole, because they put twice as much of it in as they should. I've never encountered that here; everything is balanced correctly, and whatever menu item you order will come to you exactly as it should.\n\nSo with that out of the way (and it hopefully being clear that this rating is not about the food itself; don't expect fine mexican dining because it's a 5-star, it's still a Taco Bell), on to why this review:\n\nWhat sets this Taco Bell apart from others (besides, obviously, the 'making the food right') is the service. As other people have indicated, it is good. Very good. The people are friendly. Almost too friendly; it can feel a little cloying sometimes. But that's still far, far better than the alternative, and even when I find it a tad irritating, I still leave with a smile on my face after having dealt with the people here. They're doing something right when it comes to customer service.
This hidden gem, tucked in the lobby of an office building is my favorite lunch spot. The food is delicious, fresh and comes with a side of laughter. The sandwiches are fantastic,  the quesadillas delicious and the breakfast burritos the best in town (and are available all day). If you have the chance to get the potato salad- take it.  Yum. All of it.
This place is a great little gem in this area!!! I am so excited that it is near my house and they also deliver! You can get sushi and chinese!! Whatever you are feeling. The rolls are always fresh and tasty and their 1\/2 price sushi deal is amazing.
Love this studio and my Pilates community. If you are looking for top notch instruction - this is the place.  Plus, it is spotlessly clean and all equipment is expertly maintained.
After getting a full 'tune up' from the dealership last year (Chapman), I was told I probably had a year left on my brakes.  \n\nI noticed the front brakes squeaking a bit, and a lot of brake dust on the wheels, so I made an appointment here at Whitey's for new brakes.  \n\nAfter dropping it off and walking over to Denny's for breakfast, I got a call telling me that the brakes were good, just dirty.  \n\nSo they just cleaned them up and gave me an oil change as well.  Less than $60.  I thought I was gonna spend about $250 that day.  Saved about $190.  \n\nThat's good stuff! \n\nI'll take my car, and my wife's car to Whitey's from now on.
We had recently been In an accident in our Subaru. Walked away with no injuries, thankfulness and the need of a new car. We knew we wanted another Subaru. After checking around we got a good price from Subaru south Blvd. Great buying experience with Tommy Tucker our sales person. He found the car we wanted, helped us throughout the process and we got our perfect car.
As classically delicious as breakfast gets! \nI definitely suggest to be ready to wait, but it's bearable aside from there being a very small area inside to wait. The muffins are great :)
We just hired Efficiency Mechanical to come out to our house we recently purchased to install an exhaust fan in our master bathroom and to re-insulate our attic.  Matt came out to give us estimates and was very helpful in answering all questions we had about adding the insulation and the exhaust vent.  He got back to us very fast with a very fair quote and we chose to use their services.\n\nA few days later, we set up a time for them to come do the work, the two guys who showed up were very friendly and I could tell they were knowledgeable about what they were doing.  I wish I could remember their names, they were great.  They put down protection to cover our flooring, etc. so it wouldn't get damaged or dirty during the process.  They installed the fan first and then blew in the insulation.  \n\nDuring the installation of the vent, they came to me to let me know that our other bathroom's vent duct work was not installed properly and the flapper was not opening fully, they let me know they had already fixed it for me, even though it was not a part of the scope of work included in their bid.  They also told me one of our A\/C ducts was leaking air...which they also fixed without asking for any more money.  This was all extra work they didn't have to do, or they could have asked for more money, but being an ethical company, they made sure they were not just adding what we asked for, but making sure everything around it was working properly as well.\n\nAll in all, it seemed as they finished the job pretty quick and came to me to inspect their work before they left.\n\nThere were a few drywall nails that had popped out a little bit in the ceiling from their cutting and\/or walking (crawling) around the attic.  They grabbed their drywall compound right away and patched up all the holes, without any question as to whether they caused them or not.  They offered to come back to paint over the compound for us as well which we declined as I already had other patch paint work to do from the electrician before them.  They let me climb up to the attic to inspect the insulation (verify the depth agreed on) and were on their way.  Altogether a great experience (rare for a lot of contractors) but if we ever need mechanical work on this house or any others down the road, Efficiency has earned a customer for life, thanks for the great work!
Delicious food and great service! Our waiter David was so patient, he not only went through almost ever item on the menu but also provided great recommendations!  We had a fantastic dining experience and enjoyed every dish (we had pasta and soufflé). Definitely coming back :)
I've been here many many times as I live around the corner and it's always nice to treat yourself once in a while. The food is reliably delicious. Unfortunately, the service is terrible. The poor waiters do their best, but the place always seems to be understaffed and as a result the waiters are just running around, forgetting orders, spilling things, dropping things, apologizing for long waits, etc. I always wait at least 30 minutes to get my plate--sometimes almost as much before someone takes my order. Good food, but at a price!
Great for locals as they offer a discount.\nGreat for selection of foods and great for value.\nMany buffets are over-priced in LV and this one is priced about right.\nMany good selections and if you are not happy, the management is good about special requests.
I ate here a few days ago with a bachelorette party and it was by far everyone's favorite restaurant for the weekend. Our service was great and I definitely suggest trying the sangria. The white was my favorite but the red was yummy too. And the meatballs on the happy hour menu are incredible! Beautiful room and the staff was really friendly. Definitely returning soon!!
Had my eyelashes done a couple times at other places but wanted a sooner app. My eyelashes were falling out before even leaving the place. It's not been 2 weeks and I have one eye with absolutely no lashes and the other half way full. Never had eyelashes fall off this quickly. Don't recommend due to the quality of the work.
The staff is exceptionally friendly and accomodating, the ingredients are fresh, and the thick noodles are to die for. I have worked my way through the whole menu and the Cha Cha Cha and "Sprouting Up" ramen are unparalled in deliciousness. Pro tip: get the $1.50 side order of extra noodles.
We decided to wander in here while we were making our way between hotels and it looked like a good time! We started with the Scotch Egg which is a must! My Hubs said it was the best one he ever had, I am not quite the connoisseur he is, but I found them really good as well. I had to try the fish and chips and they were ok, a little soggy and my Hubs had the rueban and he said it was mediocre. Service was ok, nothing to write home about. There are better pubs in Vegas and this one is middle of the road.
So for a quiet Thursday evening the lady and I decided we wanted to go out for dinner. I ahve been wanting to come here for quite some time so was excited to visit.\n\nThe venue itself is superb - beautiful place - great staff and a very welcoming environment.\n\nService overall was great if perhaps the attention to details lacked a little.\n\nFor the food I ordered the pork belly with black pudding, apple sauce and curly kale. The pork belly was fairly tasty - for me it hadnt been cooked at high enough temperature - the fat had not remotely gone crispy\/crunchy and was just really pure fat.....sad face!!\n\nThe meat was ok - it hadnt been cooked in anything so had gone a little dry. The black pudding was just smears of what i take was black pudding - didnt satisfy my desire at all! Apple sauce ok but lacked that sugar sweetness.\n\nDesert I had a reasonable attempt at an apple crumble, was for me again slightly undercooked.\n\nAll in all ok but for the money spent I wont be back!
I really enjoy your club! With that said the past couple artists I've seen at the Beauty Bar have been great minus the MC. I pay to see artist play their music not some asshole yell over the beats I paid to hear. The MC made a point to approach me in the audience an ask what my problems was with his "MC skills". I told him politely that I was here to see the artist on the headliner not hear him yell. He proceeded to have two different females approach me an ask what my problem was with " his performance"   An that he was PAID to be there an I could leave if I disliked his "MC'ing", long story short the MC for the Sleeper show was straight amateur hour, an I hope you guys who threw the show bring better talent next show. That MC was a straight embarrassment to the show.
H&M is one of the worst stores out there. My poor elderly mother thinks that I like this store that is why every Christmas I end up getting a $250 gift card and have no idea what to buy because the clothes in this store are of such poor quality after 3 washes it has either fallen apart, or the colour ends up looking as washed out as Lindsay Lohan's life.\n\nThis particular H&M is the worst, there's way too many basics and garbage that high school kids can afford to buy with their pocket money. The store is always a distaster area, the change room lines are too long, there's just not enough of anything worthwhile in this store.\n\nI came out with my $250 gift cert which if I can't sell on craigslist, I'll just give it to a random coke head. At least the card will be somewhat useful to someone.
I love the Cracked Egg! We stopped by on our way out of town, and I'm so glad we did! \n\nThe coffee is always good, the coffee CAKE is always good... and service is always good! It's the best little breakfast joint a girl could hope for!\n\nLast time I went, I got the egg white omelet, which is something I've never had before. I expected it to taste... healthy. However, I was very surprised at the amazing flavor, because it had peppers and salsa to go with it. It was delicious! And less guilt! (Don't worry - I made up for it with the coffee cake scarfage).\n\nOur whole group loved all the dishes we got, and left with a full belly and smiles on our faces... Now to stay out of our food comas for the car ride back to LA...
These folks work hard to please their customers and made a last minute deal go smoothly for me. They have a great selection of cars and its worth going by to take a look at their exotic cars as they have a wide range to suit anyones style. Steve went out of his way to make sure that I had the best possible deal and even picked up a new cargo mat at a nearby Jeep dealership for me as I was pressed for time. It is this kind of exceptional service that will keep me coming back. Thanks so much!!!
Mike is an excellent agent. He really cares about his clients. They are a family agency  with Allstate standing behind him. Would highly recommend him!
thieves\nthieves\nthieves\ni just got finished getting my car washed and oil change done and practically every miscellaneous thing in my car is gone. my cash, loose change and even my car title is gone. on top of that they left my ac blasted and all my doors unlocked. i have already filed a police report and i only wish i would have read the other reviews about stolen property which is apparently a common trend. i feel like i just paid to get robbed. as you can see this place takes no responsibility for stealing. if i'm such a lair, are all of these thief related reviews lies also? how can  this place be so ignorant to not take responsibility for stealing. now customers are liars when stuff gets stolen. lets see what the investigation turns up smart ass.
Burrito Boyz became my favorite burrito spot in Toronto. Crispy on the outside and a whole lot of flavor on the inside.
They told me that the alternator needed to be replaced on my car when it was fine.  The quote for the new alternator was so high I took my car somewhere else.  The new shop replaced the battery and everything was fine.  I could have been out $700 due to the misdiagnosis.  Avoid their service department.
By far The worst barista service ever from a Starbucks!!! As an avid Starbucks customer I have to say that this is the worst location ever for customer service. I was in today with my two small children and brother ( who has cerebral palsy) - spent $20 on food and drinks - it was not that crowded and my stroller got knocked over and my coffee spilled on the ground ....... No service\/ help at all from the Starbucks employees!!!! Myself and another customer ( probably felt sorry for this overwhelmed mamma) helped me clean up most of the floor and then finally a Starbucks employee came out with a mop ( he didn't say a word even after I apologized - mind you another customer and I have already cleaned up most of the mess ) I found it kind of bizarre that another customer actually offered to buy me another coffee but the employees did not say one word or even offer us any service after - ..... I'm shocked and almost sad that the Starbucks would allow their employees to treat their customers this way .....
My Garage Sin City is here to serve you for all your DIY motorcycle parts and accessory needs. If you have any questions or would like a price for a specific part call us if we don't have it we can 100% get it in a timely manner. (702)619-0951.
Is this the best sushi I ever ate?  No.  Not even close.\nBut is it a fun environment, with decent rolls, and cheap?  YES!\n\nThe sushi comes in small orders starting at around $1.50 and moving up to about $4 or $5.  There's nothing special about the rolls at sushi station, but the price is a lot cheaper than grocery store sushi, and the quality is much better.  The tuna and avocado roll, the salmon and avocado roll, and spicy crunchy salmon roll were all good.  A total of 8 orders for two people came to a little more than $17.  Good deal.\n\nJust a note for some people; Look at the menu.  Every special roll, most appetizers, and most salads have shell fish in it.  It's mostly prepped and can't be changed.  If you have a food allergy, or other dietary restriction, this may not be your sushi place.
This is my new fav shopping outlet, amazing prices& variety. Food court indoors, love the entire place, friendly and attentive employees at stores like Michael kors, Aldo, & old navy!
Ok, so I gave this location two tries. And they struck out on both. The recent reviews are very on point. \n\nAs I stated in my reviews for Plato's Closet, I have a background in fashion. I was named best dressed in school every year. If anyone knows INCOMING fashion trends, it's me. If anyone understands business (Rutgers, baby), it's me. But telling me that the clothes I had weren't appropriate is downright laughable. I even called before going to see what they wanted (Spring) and took half of that and half of the transitional items. \n\nThey took... NONE. \n\nFirst of all, they need to get over themselves. There are legit vintage places and thrift stores across the street and next door. There are also some amazing eateries up and down the street as well. Don't know who told them they were cool by association, but trust me, they are NOT. LA Buffalo has attitude. Vegas Buffalo should be effortlessly cool. \n\nMy boyfriend found a used pair of sneakers that were $20 more than he could buy new. The pricing here is very wrong. You should never be able to say that in a place like this. \n\nI posted some items that I took here on a clothing app. Sold a few of the things that were rejected here within a few hours of posting for roughly $20 a piece. I'm sending the rest in to one that sends you a bag to send your items in and pays you. That is the future. Places like Buffalo are going to go the way of the T-Rex soon enough. Behaving like this and having the wrong people buying are going to make it come much sooner.
I think this place is been around a long time could use a little updating but the chicken is very good.  I ordered the chicken for a party it was very good but a little on the dry side.  Seems that it is a staple and everybody loves Mohan's chicken for this reason I do give them three stars I would go back
I went into the store Friday to get a dress for a wedding shower...As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by Lauren!  She was so peppy and looking at me like she was sizing me up, asking me what I was looking for, as soon as I said a dress for a wedding shower and also something for work, she quickly went to work.  She was pulling dresses and things for me so quickly I was pleasantly surprised.  She also was pulling things that I normally would not do for myself.  But she was so expertly pairing things, I figured, why not?  \nI was SOOOOO GLAD I did.  The first dress she pulled was amazing, so much so I did not want to try anything else on.  Though the other ladies were rooting for a fashion show, so I did not want to disappoint!  I bought the 2 dresses Lauren suggested, along with a new bra and an amazing white blazer.  I think its safe to say I am a very happy camper.  I have NEVER had a shopping experience like this.  I will say though, EVERYTIME, and I mean EVERYTIME, I come to this Lane Bryant, I always leave with a smile on my face and at least 2 bags of things.  My husband even loves coming here to pick up sexy things for me!!  Lauren is a complete asset to this store and she KNOWS her customers!!  My son and I had a blast and it set the tone for my night and weekend!!   Thank you Lauren and all of the ladies worlking there!!
A family member brought me here to grab some pastries for a quick breakfast.  There were so many yummy options,  I had a hard time deciding- but ended up getting a ricotta danish- that was so delicious! The pastry was flaky and buttery SO GOOD.  The ricotta filling was silky smooth and not too sweet with just enough chocolate chips to add some texture.  The nutella filled donut and croissant were also great- as well as the regular sugar donut & peach danish. We also grabbed a loaf of french bread that seemed tough before we cut into it, but we were definitely surprised at how soft it was inside! \nWould definitely be back!
Like most places in Vegas, this place was a lot of flash and not a lot of substance.  But MAN there are attractive women at this place!  It's a little dark and it's pretty crowded, so you may have to wait awhile to get a seat.  We chilled at the bar for about 20 minutes before being seated.\n\nThe 6 of us finally sat down and had to wait awhile before getting our orders taken.  I had the mini Kobe beef burger and the adult tater tots which were filled with bacon and brie.  The burger, sadly, was a bit dry and simply did not taste like kobe beef.  It was too juicy not unlike the way chuck is dripping with fat.  The tater tots were interesting, but they apparently weren't heated well enough as the brie inside was only partially melted.\n\nNice ideas, poor execution.  If you must go here if you're waiting for something else, it won't be bad experience.  Just don't expect anything amazing.
I've been going to Chloe for over two years now for my SNS and pedicures.   I followed her here from another salon that was only a mile from my house because she's worth it.   She's not just a nail technician, she's an artist.  And if she's not available, ask for Mia, also amazing.
I had a great experience at this location!! The crab and asparagus crepe was amazing!!! Very light and stuffed with crab and asparagus!! A little bit much asparagus for me. My drink was never empty. The wait staff was very attentive to my table!  I enjoyed the atmosphere. It took a little bit long to get my check and to go box.  I would recommend this place and I will go back again!
Everything tastes great! The plates are a little small but definitely very delicious. My favorite is the white truffle toast! The specialty drink I had was Iamsmashed and it was a good whiskey drink that wasn't overly sweet. Service was great and they seem to care about your business. Sitting outside was perfect on a fall night! Music was perfect and atmosphere was great.
A wonderful mom and pop type diner whose owners are Greek in origin.   My family and I ate here three times within our 10 day trip to Arizona. The portions are more than generous and the prices are very reasonable. The service was wonderful and the waitress remembered my daughters favorite meal there (super picky kid). One of the owners George was so wonderful and was seen leading guest by the hand to their table.  George is obviously loved by many as there are a lot of children's artwork hanging as you walk in given to him.  It's not often that you find a restaurant like this and I wish there was one near where we lived in Pennsylvania.
Wining and Dining\nCastle view cannot be missed\nA date Anyone?
Once the sweet gal left a couple of weeks ago, customer service is down the tubes. The brunette working the shop now has a terrible way of conducting business and providing customer service. You've lost a loyal customer.
This place is so charming, I just wanted to sit and hang out on the couch and people watch while eating my fro-yo. The young lady that was working there was very nice and welcoming. Then...there was the froyo....DELICIOUS! We will be repeat customers for sure!
It is a pity that the outside construction is hiding this quiet oasis for food & drink in the busy Bloor\/Yonge area. Food & service was ecellent, the only problem I was the only client in the place. Also has a nice upstairs protected patio. Hopefully when the street construction if completed this place will come back to life.
I drove by this place a week ago. It is in Best in the West (where Cold Stone used to be). I was beyond excited to finally have a custard place on this side of town. In the last week I have been 3 times!!\n\nIn addition to frozen custard, the also have "ices" as in slush. And, the flavors are delicious AND scary dead on. So far I have tried the coconut, s'mores, Swedish fish, cantaloupe, and PB & J. All of them are amazing!! You can try samples until you make up your mind.\n\nThe frozen custard can be ordered on it's own, as a sundae, as a blendini (their version of a "blizzard" with mix-ins of your choosing). And, it is SO SO creamy!!\n\nThe place is really clean and bright, and the staff is super friendly!  I am happily becoming a regular here.\n\nYou should definitely check out Rita's!!Prices are pretty reasonable.
I can't believe we have eaten here more times than fingers on one hand.\nThe wife loves this place, we came 3 nights in a row, granted around 1am but still.\n\nThis means it's not super busy so hard to judge service but every time we came, we were promptly seated and got waters straight away. And despite the late hour, the wait staff were friendly and efficient.\n\nWife gets the same pho everytime which she always seems to have an appetite for which can only mean good things.\nUsually get the spring rolls as an app, with fish sauce and leaf wrap, it's piping hot, crunchy and delicious.\n\nI've tried a few of the dishes, one that sticks out was half a chicken, not sure of the name on the menu and that was pretty good. Meat was a bit dry but not to the point of making it unenjoyable.\n\nIt would be an ok for me but given that my wife loves the pho here (and usually likes a variety of food) they must be doing something right and bump it to 4.
Eeeeyyyy tout un resto les amis je vous le dit! Belle ambiance, beau decors et bonne bouffe! J'ai opté pour la table d'hôte de brochette de poulet.. mmmh un délice pour les papilles, ca m'a remplis au bouttee!!Vous allez en avoir pour votre argent je vous le garantie!! Parole de Mathieu creme caramel!
Had a wonderful dinner here. We sat at the grill and our chef, Luis was awesome! Very friendly! He made my time there a memorable one!! Definitely coming back in the future!!
Excellent food and service.  Pancakes were the best I ever had.  Prices are very reasonable for the exceptional quality of the food.
Great gluten free pasta. We get the baked Ziti every time! Gyros aren't the best there unfortunately. But super nice employees and overall great food.
Must come! Good. Food, good services, many choices! It is 100 times better than bellagio. Only $22 for brunch. You will get plenty of food and choices. Dun miss this!
AMAZING DONUTS! Wow, I have been waiting for a donut shop of this caliber to open and that wait is finally over. The lady behind the counter was super polite, very friendly. There are a LOT of donut choices. I went with a maple bacon, Oreo, & chocolate sprinkle. Prices are very reasonable for the quality of the product. I tried the maple bacon first and I have to say it was amazing. Super soft donut. I have been to gourmet donut shops in Chicago, San Diego, and LA and Local Donut has been the best so far. Next was the Oreo donut, so good. Hugest recommendations for this place get there now!
Best vegan food in town without a doubt. Even my dedicated carnivorous friends love the flavors, textures and overall experience. Service is very good as well, this is my second review and I have to give full credit to the management for turning this place around in terms of service. The food was always awesome and is still amazing.
My family has been bringing pets here for 20 years. Dr. Hauck is a FANTASTIC veterinarian! He is patient and gentle with the animals, and very kind to the owners. \nThey do a variety of things: boarding, spay\/neutering, tail docking, ear cropping (Our Doberman), inoculations, etc. \nI wouldn't take my pets anywhere else beside Dr. Hauck!!!\n\n*He treats birds too!\n**The staff is very helpful and kind too!
American Costumes is an amazing store! I purchased my Oktoberfest German girl costume here last month, and today I bought my Snow White costume for Halloween. I have never gone to any other costume store because, frankly, this store has had everything I ever needed. Customer service is top quality. They follow you from start to finish, making sure you have a costume you love for your special event. I love this place!
Nice wide selection of cigars - from mild to strong, from dirt cheap to not so cheap. I found $1 cigars and I found OpusX and VSGs. Theres something for everyone here. I didnt see anything in there that was overpriced. Now on to the better news - the owner and her people are as nice as can be. if you cant feel at ease in this place, check with your doctor.....and to top it all off, icing on the cake, this store is in the heart of little italy - so you're next door to great meals and bakery goodies.
I organized a small dinner party here during a conference. The food was excellent. The service was okay, but not incredible (and I do feel that when you have a party of 20, it should be incredible).  There were a few times when I had to go find our waiter - especially towards the end of the meal. And that shouldn't be the case in this price point. My expectations were high for the food, and they delivered in that area.
These guys did a great job with my move! They were on time and took care with all of my items to be sure not to damage anything. They were friendly and efficient and also the most reasonable of all the moving companies I called. Would definitely use them again.
I stayed in the Venetian last year and the suite was pretty comparable except the rooms in the Palazzo were a little bigger and slightly nicer. The big difference was the service. Man the folks in the Palazzo know how to treat you! I'm a sucker for service and thus I give this place a 5 star rating. I loved how they went the extra mile to make you comfortable. The hotel in general was gorgeous and is, as my husband likes to  say, baller. I totally think this place is worth the price.
Should have read the other reviews before dropping in. Service is terrible with food and drink hardly worth the wait.
I give this show 2 stars but my husband liked it better so we marked it as 3. We got tickets from half price ticket booth on the Strip for $53 per person and I am glad we did not pay more. I agree with most of the reviews that give it 2-3 stars. It was mildly entertaining at moments, but a lot of the time I was just wishing it would end. They would explain some tricks which was interesting, but they still wouldn't tell you how they really did it. But most of the tricks just lasted too long so by the end I didn't even want to know how it was done (eg. the bullet trick). They just seemed too simplistic...I am sure they are hard to perfect but they were visually unimpressive. To go to Rio you can take a shuttle leaving either from Harrah's (all they was in the back of the casino) or from Bally's\/Paris.
I am not quite as much of a cigar smoker as I used to be. The years have started to catch up with me. But when I get the hankering this is where I go.\n\nThey know their cigars and offer "alternatives" to the well-known brands. They're close enough for most purposes. If you are truly an aficionado, they have the real thing too, all stored in a perfectly cool and moist environment.\n\nI don't know how much lung capacity I sacrificed while this place was liquidating the last of the Pierre Cardin Maxim's they bought out from some swank place in Paris. They were a deal at about $20 a bundle, and I was quite addicted. They even shipped them to me when I lived for a time in Colorado. \n\nAlways very nice on the phone. They even have stayed open a bit late for me when I have called ahead.
This place has tanked!!! What a dive! Walls, furniture & decor is destroyed & needs redo! Bathrooms are a disaster & doubt they are wiped down on a daily basis. Bathroom in need of supplies. Garbage cans overflowing. Staff yelling at other staff members! \nFood was fine but this place has fallen apart!!!  \n\nEmployees mean well. Rubios management needs to reassess this location.
Love this place. We have been coming since it opened (back before they adjusted the prices - when a bagel could cost you $16). Love walking in for a coffee, a chub chub bagel, a rugelach or a warm donut in the morning. The portions are massive and delicious. The staff is so friendly and patient! Fantastic stuff.
All fish came out warm. I had to flag down 3 people before getting my order. Do not take American Express. \n\nWill not come back.
I had a really good time here because of the solid music selection, outstanding sound system, and mostly the cheap drinks. The bar itself is relatively small but the point is to have an open space to dance the night away. Which you will. The bathrooms were a bit shady and my girlfriend ran into one creep up there but that's an isolated incident. As a side note- the bar is not actually underground but at the top of a flight of stairs.
Went to South of Temperance for some after work drinks that turned into staying for dinner.  SoT has a bit of that sleazy banker\/lawyer\/general suit wearing vibe, but it is in the middle of the financial district, so it's excusable, and not the worst I've seen. At least it's friendly sleaze. =)  It's also good for drinks because they manage to pack a lot of people into the place, so you can always get in, but that also means it can get pretty uncomfortable with everyone standing shoulder-to-shoulder around the bar area.  At the risk of sounding old, it was also incredibly loud inside, with the music cranked to a level where everyone had to yell to be heard. And as the night went on and people left, they just turned up the music even louder. I swear I've been to quieter clubs.\n\nThe drinks were on par or even maybe even a tiny bit more expensive than other places in the area, at $7.50 a pint.  But the food was decent with okay prices, especially compared to drink prices.  I had a Temperance Burger for about $15 (2 drinks = 1 burger!) and I enjoyed it.
Found my new nail salon in the city!  I was in desperate need of a manicure after just doing my own nails for about 6 months.  My cuticles were feeling the cold weather and needed some TLC, so I headed to M-Nail Salon on the recommendation of my best friend.  I called that day and got an appointment for the same evening.  The parking lot is adjacent to the salon which is amazing considering parking in Shadyside can be tough.  I walked in and was greeted right away by one of the techs and had a seat.  I saw 3 or 4 sets of color samples on the coffee table so I started looking for my color... I found one that was acceptable and was called back to the nail station within a few minutes.  I showed the tech the color I picked, but then she showed me the entire BOX of color samples that was next to her station.  Apparently the client before me just hadn't put the box back on the coffee table.  There are lots of bottles of polish in the waiting area that you can look at, but I don't believe the gel brands are up there as the tech actually had to go to the back to retrieve my chosen gel color.  So if you go and don't see a huge variety of colors to pick from: ASK. There are almost tooooo many once you get the box of nail goodness!\n\nAnyway, I had a great, thorough manicure and some light conversation with my tech.  She was young, energetic, and diligent about making sure  my nails looked perfect before polishing them.  Two weeks later and they are still in pristine condition, save for the one tiny chip that showed up yesterday.  Even after doing a lot of "no-no" stuff with this manicure like cleaning, washing dishes (without gloves), and painting, they still look perfect!  I can't wait to go back tomorrow for a fresh manicure for the holiday season.  A full gel manicure runs $30, not including a soak-off.  Also to note: they do not accept tips on cards! They actually request you make your entire payment in cash if possible, and there is an ATM right next door if you need it!
We are so please at the process of building a pool with Sunkiss Pools. We have been in our house for many years and finally decided to take the plunge! \n\nThe design process was so fun! Bryan provide the 3D drawings to show what our yard could be, and were we ever surprised!\n\nThe time frame was about 12 weeks from signing of contract to completion. He met every date and was always communicating. He addressed any of concerns with prompt professionalism. \n\nAnd can I just say, the finished pool is beyond my expectations and dreams! We cannot wait to use it this spring - as we got it heated to enjoy a longer swimming season!\n\nThank you to Sunkiss Pools for a dream come true!
Feel this place has been here since like forever.. though I don't go there all the time, I always like going here because unlike Destiny, their food is adequate and decent enough for dinner and I find their customer service is always so much better than Destiny.  \n\nThe downfall is their place is so busy, it is very hard to get seats at busy times..    However, you can call and make reservations. \n\nTheir drinks have more variety and you actually feel bang for you buck without getting ripped off or overpriced items. I  also loved they have a separate round square tables at the back or small private room for groups...  \n\nI will definitely miss this place since it closed down since Feb 22nd... and their new location is due to open in Downtown Markham.. but when? we won't know :(
What an amaZing place! My son loves going to school he hasn't had a day he doesn't want to go. The teachers and directors are wonderful. They do the best crock pot cooking classes! It is just a wonderful and warm atmosp
TRASHY......UNORGANIZED......INEFFICIENT.....just a few words that describe this store EVERY time I frequent. I rarely go to Jo Ann Fabrics except out of desperation in looking for something ....of course....thinking this visit will be different. I will say they NEVER fail to meet this standard!! \nHobby Lobby has Jo Ann Fabrics beat on every level!!
I would consider this place if you are trying to save on hotel. I paid 500 for two nights. That's a pretty good deal! \n\nHowever, be warned it it not the cleanest of hotels nor is it one of the most modern of them. It just does the job. It is a place to sleep and a place to shower. \n\nThe service is nice. The concierge is super friendly and always helpful. The front desk representatives are super friendly as well. \n\nThe best part is if you give them your email at check in you get a emailed check out link. The express check out takes literally 3 minutes to do. The best part of it all is that you don't have to wait in the massive line to check out. The lines can get pretty massive during the lunch hours and the morning time!
Went to iblowdry for my big day hair up do and make up and really happy about this outcome. Melissa has a group of professionals who are so dedicated to make sure I am happy about every single thing. She herself is very honest and high standard. They really try so hard to do their best. Kudos to Sarah for this beautiful up do and other amazing ladies. - Zoey
I've eaten here twice; once for a work dinner and once for lunch. BOTH times I was impressed with the wait staff, décor, and most importantly the delicious food. Don't leave without ordering the Warm Brussel Sprout Caesar Salad or the Butter Chicken. For lunch, the Blackened Fish Tacos were delicious. This is mostly a small plates restaurant, which I've found can be pricy, but in this case completely worth it. The menu has a mix of Mediterranean and Indian foods. Again, the Butter Chicken is incredible, (you'll want to drink the sauce). Hummus and naan are also great if you're not too adventurous. If you're still stumped, ask your server for recommendations!
For wonderful fish dishes this intimate resturant can't be beaten yummy!
Having traveled the 215 freeway many times while living on the South West area of Las Vegas, this gas station is very convenient. But that's kinda the idea for these places anyway right?\n\nThey have a car wash and many lanes of brightly lit pumps, for night visits. The main building is located next to several fast food restaurants. So once you fill up, you can get a quick wash and then a snack, all without leaving the immediate area.
I have not been happy with this place in the past, however, some friends wanted to go here.  It will be my last.  The service is terrible.  The food is mediocre, at best.  \nDon't waste your time nor your money.
Have been coming here for over 15 years. Have always loved coming here. I always order the Pho Tai with the meet on the side as the meet tends to overcook when in the bowl.
The food was standard Dennys food, so 3 stars usually. I'm taking a star off because our server was MIA and it took forever to order, and get refills or steak sauce. Granted, we went in the wee hours of morning, and were 1 of 2 tables in the place, but you would think that would make things easier on us. Guess she isn't in it for the money.
Location: \nfirst of all GPS doesn't indicate what side of the street the location is on. If you miss the salon you will have to do two u turns in order to get back to it. Difficult spot to get to. Parking lot is a mad house, no parking here. Be prepared to walk a bit. \n\nDecor: \nCute decor and theme of the salon although cleanliness can definitely be improved. It's sketch putting your feet into a pedi bowl that doesn't look clean. Walls are chipping and floor needs to be mopped. Stuck thinking about amount of germs.. Doesn't allow u to relax when you're worried you may get some sort of fungus.\n\nStaff: \nWe were helped right away. Acknowledged when we walked into the door. Busy in here yet very personable and helpful staff. I did wait at my pedicure bowl for 15 minutes waiting for someone to finally start my pedi. Although I understand when a salon is busy... I'm patient. \n\nService:\nLoved my pedicure- the tech took her time and did a great job! Probably one of the best pedicures I've had in a while. She even gave me her time for a manicure. Exceptional customer service. (Edit) Monica did an amazing job with pedicure and manicure took her time. I will come back to see her \n\nOverall: \nQuick to acknowledge and keep you in the door. Busy. Slow to start your service. Horrible parking lot and inconvenient location(driving wise). Great polish selection. Friendly staff. NEED TO CLEAN SALON!\n\nEdit: the friend I was with got switched around between three different techs for one service....
Compared to many flight school around the area, the experience one learns here is unmatched. This experience comes from both the unique weather off the lake and flight instructors. These instructors have extensive background with aviation degrees, FAA, military, charter and NASA. \n\nI have received all of my certificates, including CFI, with T&G over the course of five years. Because of the experience learned here, I was able to confidently compete in flight competitions against aviation colleges throughout the nation. I was competing on the same level as them while only spending 1\/8 of the price at a private university. \n\nOur planes are some of the safest and well maintained planes in the nation with prices being unmatched. This level of safety stems from the family atmosphere incorporated into the club. Each member treats the plane as if they own it and are responsible for simple upkeep.
After watching the commercial on tv, with the whole tour of Italy for $12.99, I decided to come here.  I got the lasagna, ravioli, and the spaghetti with meat sauce.  After I ate the salad and breadstick, I was able to finish a quarter of my lasagna and had the rest to go.  It was just so filling and so much food.  I ended up throwing the food away because it was just oo heavy.\n\nService was good.  There was no wait on a Saturday night.  I rate this place 3.5.
We had the lemongrass chicken and the spicy eggplant with tofu.  We also had the dumplings for an appetizer. It was all very good.
Was really looking forward to some good brisket, its one of my favs . Saw a lot of reviews about this place and I wanted to see and taste for myself. Well the staff are really nice and very courteous. ordered the lunch sampler platter with brisket and ribs my girlfriend ordered the lunch sampler with chicken and ribs. I was not impressed by any means I have had fresh brisket that just melts in your mouth ,but this looked and tasted like re-heated brisket ,looked and tasted dry .Try to mask it by putting sauce on it . I have  had better brisket from Fat Louis  food truck than this. Very disappointing.Was not impressed by the ribs either , barely any meat mostly bone with a spicy kick . I asked my girlfriend about her chicken ,chicken is her thing. She showed it to me and it was still pink and raw ,turned her off right of the bat and she didn't  even touch her ribs.The thing I enjoyed the most was the fries and she enjoyed the soup. If this is the kind of food they are pushing out its is very disappointing. this place is way over-rated, food wise. I expected fresh melt in your mouth brisket , Its a smoke house, and it fell way short of that. The thing this place has going for it is the staff and that's about it. If you think this is good  BBQ, your sadly mistaken, or you don't know or have  NOT experience good BBQ. I'm giving it 2 stars simply cause of the staff. Maybe my expectations were a little to high ??
I've spent a lot of time in hardware stores in my life and I'm always treated excellently in them. lol. I've been very happy with the service at this shop, everything I need is easy to find, awesome!
I am writing a review about Stephaine, the community manager. This woman deserves a raise and an award for her patience. She went above and beyond to help me out during a stressful time and I cant thank her enough. Steph, thank you thank you and thank you!!!!
Well ...that was awful .. service was slooooooow.. and the rolls were..sad and cheap looking ..\nAnd the green mussels were rubbery and fishy and gross we spent $50 and I'm still hungry... Never again.. hit an all you can eat somewhere!
The Wicked Spoon buffet is the best buffet I've ever ate at Las Vegas.\nCustomer service is more than what you could ask for.\nMs.Lisa was our server and was outstanding.\nWith many food varieties, it is hard to choose what to eat.\nThey have a little but of everything from Asian cuisine to fresh seafood\nThe dessert was heaven in my mouth.\nBottom line is the Wicked Spoon buffet is the best Vegas has to offer.
Anyone who personally knows me, knows that I LOVE sushi. And when I heard that a sushi burrito and poke bowl joint was opening up walking distance from my workplace, naturally I had to scope it out. I've had their classic salmon sushi  burrito twice now and each time I was not disappointed. \n\nThe restaurant itself is quite small, seating at maximum about 5-6 people. If you can, it's best to get take out or come during off hours. \n\nAs for the main attraction, I was pleasantly surprised to see that they didn't skimp out on the toppings. The sushi burrito for me was very filling, I was only able to finish half of the burrito before saving the rest for an evening snack. There is a good amount of fish to vegetable ratio so you're not left with a mouthful of kale at every bite. \n\nOverall, I will come back again to try their poke bowls based on my first two positive experiences.
Yeh Topshops are everywhere, and you know what you're going to get but this is one of the better ones. With two floors for Topshop and one for Topman it's a bigger store and has quite a good range of clothes. Admittedly recently the prices have started going up and the quality of materials used is definitely going down, but style wise is one of the best of the high street chains. Next and Birton are a bit dull, and whilst H&M is okay, Topshop\/Man is a little bit more stylish. \n\nThe staff are all pretty helpful and the store is layed out well. The new guys' changing rooms are really nice, but a little bit smelly when it's busy. The jeans and shirts are always pretty good, and they sell nicely cut suits. The t-shirts aren't such good quality though. \n\nA better offering from the Topshop peeps, it's not hard to see why this is always pretty full.
I used service and give it 5 stars. The agents I worked with are friendly, helpful and responsive for answering question in timely manner. No hidden fees and you can stop service at your will with no penalty.
Wow, if you like real-deal Indian food for cheap, please come here! Amazing selection, amazing pricing too. Always very busy even later on at night. Worth the wait tho! I've had everything from their eggplant, naan bread, butter chicken, chicken biryani, mutton rolls etc, always good!
I'll keep it short;  I feel privileged to be able to run and walk past this.  It's Washington, DC grade appearance in Cleveland.  I'd rather spend time here than at the Rock Hall.
White chocolate grill has recently decided to include a surcharge for dining with them. It is called P206.  Check your bill when you receive it. I encourage you to complain about it as well. Management decided to hide it on your bill versus the menu hoping less people will see it and question it.\n\nCheck out Charleston's right down the street.
went to vegas for the weekend found this great taco place the tacos and mulitas were so delicious my new taco spot when  I come to vegas!!
Cox communication should be ashamed of theirselves.... My grandma has been a customer for 44 years... And we have recently reviewed her statements and figured out she has been over charged for over 2 years by paying for 2 boxes when she only had 1. She has made multiple attempts to contact cox and talk to a supervisor... And guess what??! No luck.... She has had agents tell her she needs to wait for a supervisor to be available and they cannot call her back. Are you kidding me??? Maybe cox should look at their mission statement as an organization. She has been trying to get a hold of someone for 4 days and no luck. Guess it's time to call and get others involved. I keep telling her she should switch to ATT but she hasn't... At least not yet.... This company should be ashamed of their San Diego Operations.
The location is great. The room rates are great for what you get. The service is awful! Aren't the Hooters girls supposed to be nice to customers?? The only good service was in the restaurant... and it wasn't even the Hooters restaurant!
My friends and I agree that this was probably one of the funnest nights we've had. The guys were great looking, the music was awesome, they were great dancers, and the crowd was cool. They have moments where they pull girls on stage and dance for them. We were there for a small bachelorette party and the bride really wanted to get on stage. They weren't pulling her up til the end. But we were so happy when they did. I really want to thank Aussie hunks for making our night truly enjoyable. I should add that if you don't like hip hop music then it might not be as enjoyable for you. We loved the music so that made it better.
Very disappointing food, although the staff was very friendly.\n\nWent around 1045pm but the place was about to close, even though they advertise they are open until 1am. Ordered ravioli, gyros, cheesesteak and beef pepper sandwiches. Except for the beef, everything else had very low salt and not much flavor. The pepper beef had too much salt and was very dry.\n\nAlso, the order took around 30 mins to prepare, which again is just wrong. Would not recommend, bad food, slow service.
Over the past few years I have had many meals here at Sourdough Cafe.  Some hits and some misses.  But, that is the human factor of eating out.  You never know if you are there on an off day for the restaurant or if they are on the ball.  But, the quality of Sourdough remains the same.  The food is pretty good.  Everything from the players card specials to the desserts.  Nothing mind blowing but you leave satisfied.  With all of that said, here is my review from my last visit.\n\nFor best access to Sourdough Cafe, park on the top floor of the parking lot.  It is on the right hand side as you walk through the doors.  \n\nWe stood in line to wait to be seated.  It wasn't that busy but it seems like you always have to wait for a couple of minutes before they seat you.  No big deal...\n\nWe were led to our table and given our menus.  But, there was no need as we only had one thing on our minds... The huge Banana Splits.  Yum - a - dum - dum!  \n\nIt took a few minutes for our drink order to be taken and a couple of minutes more for the server to get to us.  Again, no big deal.  It's a good time to catch up and hangout with friends.  So we order our boat of ice cream.  Vanilla, Strawberry, Chocolate ice cream, banana, various sauces, mountain of whipped cream, sprinkle of nuts and a cherry.  In the past I have made the mistake of ordering one just for myself only to claim defeat.  Not this time.  There were four of us and we bought two to split.  We were gluttonous and before we hit sweet overload; we ordered some fries to counter it.  Smart thinking!!!\n\nAnd, so the night ends with the check.  I don't remember how much it was exactly but I believe the Banana Splits were only $6 a pop.  What a great deal.  \n\n*on a side note: we found out that the server has to make the banana splits themselves.  And we were told that if we wanted \/ needed more nuts or whipped cream to let them know.\n\nWe made sure to tip well after we heard that... So good job!!!\n\n*another side note:  I would have taken pictures but I was given a ration of crap from my friends for trying to do so earlier.  And, being insecure because of it, I didn't take any.  I'll man up next time.
Had the lobster egg Benedicts and pancakes. Great tasting and very reasonably priced. Good service in a very traditional cosy place. Will definitely be missed.
My favorite breakfast\/brunch place by far.  They have amazing pancake flavors and they're HUGE.  I had the lemon blueberry and oatmeal protein ... delicious.  It's clean and the service is great.  It's very small inside so you either have to be patient or beat the rush.
I had to average this experience out. The Vanilla Frozen Custard alone is 5 stars incredible! I tried their other known items to fellow Yelpers and well I just don't get it??  A total PASS on anything else. I had the burger and it was so squished, dry and salty it was not right. The burger itself had no flavor other than SALT. It was extremely disappointing. Visually it was also unappealing. The meat is super odd and creepy. \nI also tried the shoe string fries and I couldn't even eat it. It was way too salty and visually salt throughout. YUCK. \n\nThe ONLY thing worth it at Freddy's is their vanilla frozen custard without toppings. I think my 3 star is being gracious.
This was our first visit to this market.  There is a wide variety of vendors.  A few selling produce, a few selling finished foods (tamales, jerky, etc), and some crafts.\n\nI'm told they have more produce during winter.  I look forward to trying it again at that time.  Living in Gilbert it wasn't really worth the drive compared to the market in Gilbert.  It's a nice market, and we'll try again this winter.
Let me start by saying that I spent 16 years in the restaurant business, and this is, by far, one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.\nManager Beth and her staff set themselves apart from almost every other service staff I've ever seen in efficiency, generosity, and unflinchingly warm customer service. When faced with a hungry 1 year old, they offered berries before the water even came to the table. Beth always stops by to say hello, and despite a city of 2 million people- I'd swear she genuinely remembers me every time. They KILL IT with AMAZING SERVICE. \nNow the food- well, you've died and gone to heaven. If the meat seems a little heavy- have a salad-- they are just as amazing as any of the entrees.\nFrom the butcher to the bathrooms, this is a not-to-be-missed dining experience.
We haven't visit True Food in a few years but someone gave us a gift card so we ventured out.  They updated their menu and it is very very very small. One page with maybe 15 items on it....Not much of a selection, limited options for someone who is soy free and gluten free to less than a handful...\n\nI  ordered the Lasagna which was way overpowering with spices it burned my tongue and very very spicy.  I ordered the ancient grain bowl with no miso and sunflower seeds rather than hemp seeds and it was very good and filling, would order it again.  Wish they had more vegan options and the menu was a little bigger.  My brother had the a bowl as well and we also ordered a coconut refresher.  Two bowls, one refresher drink it came out to about $25.per person....Wish they had GF pizza.  It was cool enough to sit outside but lots of flies, Good place for healthy food if you can find something on the menu but if you have allergies the choices are limited.  The Ancient Grain Bowl I would go back for plus they have Key Lime Pie Yummy
I went to this salon just to get a gel pedi about 1.5 hrs before closing. When I got there, I politely asked if they had time to do a gel manicure too. They said of course with no hesitation! The lady did an exceptional job and even stayed 30 minutes after closing to finish up on my pedicure. If you've had gel done before, you know it takes a little longer to cure each coat under the uv lamp. I was very happy and satisfied with the results, they were very nice, and I definitely recommend this place!
I've LOVED my experience at AAAI! Dr. Mittel and team are seriously world-class. They're so friendly from the moment that you walk in to the moment that you leave. On the first visit, they perform a breathing test and allergy test to get a baseline for treatment. Then, Dr. Mittel went through all of my options for treatment based on the results. Unfortunately, i'm allergic to just about everything, so the smartest long-term plan for me is allergy shots. I began them a few weeks ago and have been going 2x per week. The shots are SUPER quick and easy. I walk-in, get the shot, and wait for 30 minutes for them to check it out. No appointment necessary! They have wifi in the waiting area so I just bring my laptop and get things done while i'm waiting. It works nicely! If you can come mid-morning before the after-school rush, i'd highly suggest that! \n\nI would highly recommend AAAI and Dr. Mittel. The practice is super clean, convenient, and all in all a 5-star experience!
Cool, delicious, healthy and creative food and drinks!! Very friendly service and reasonable prices. They just opened about 1 yr ago, and they will be opening another location soon around warm springs\/Durango.
I needed an oil change in my Prius and saw the Groupon for Tony's.  It is close to home so I bought it.  Called and was able to schedule a time right away which was cool.  Took it down and although funky the place was full of cars.  I checked in and was told it would be an hour or so and the best place to wait was Subway across the street.  Only had to wait an hour vwfore he called to say it was ready.  Did a great job and the headlight cleaning looked great.  He then showed where I had a small radiator leak and gave me a reasonable estimate on the work. ( We haven't taken it back as we are getting more estimates but the estimate Tony's gave is comparable to other places.)  I was very happy with the work I had done there and the staff was very pleasant.
This is the BEST salon in Las Vegas. I've tried other salons with horrible customer service and poor styling services; but, I have been going to Chloe Spa for over a year with no problems.  I get gel nails. They last a long time and look great. The pedicure here is sooo relaxing. Great after a stressful day. The owner and her daughter greet and welcome each guest and make you feel at home. Very sweet and kind staff. I schedule an appointment so I have have to wait and they have be out of the salon soon. I love this salon!!!
Excellent food. Great atmosphere. Terrible service. There were less than 10 patrons in the whole restaurant so it wasn't an issue of being busy. Our server did not tell us about the drink specials. We ordered and appetizer when it did not come out before our food she asked if we still wanted it. We said no we did not. Another server told us about the drink specials where you get to keep the glass. When we asked our server she said that she didn't think we could keep the glass. She kept forgetting to bring us things we needed. When the salads didn't have dressing it took 2 trips back to the table before she remembered to bring it.  When we asked for our bill the appetizer was still on the bill. Luckily a manager attempted to right the wrongs and make us happy. The bill was corrected. The manager apologized and we got to keep the glasses! I will return to this establishment in hopes that the service is better next time.
3.5 stars.  Perhaps because I expected more from Wolfgang Puck's restaurant, specifically in regards to the service.\n\nAmbiance was nice.  Verry classy place to have dinner at Ceasar's.  Our group of girls were very unique  for this restaurant because everyone else was older and less Asian.  Our waitress was MIA the entire time.  I saw her once when she took our order and once when we paid the bill.  In between there were many others that served and checked up on us. It also took a VERY long time for our food to come out, which surprises me for a restaurant like this.  \n\nFood was pretty good.  I ordered the duck breast (medium...didn't know you could order it like that) and tried many of the other dishes.  They fill you up on bread, but don't waste your space on any other bread besides the focaccia.\n\nDuck breast-  I really like duck but was not impressed with the duck breast.  It was not bad, but not fantastic.\nFilet mignon-  I don't think you can go wrong with steak.  It was pretty good but also just typical tasting.  \nBraised beef short rib-  Extremely tender!!! Many of the girls liked this dish the best, but personally I do not like the texture of very soft beef.  If that's your style, then get this!\nLamb chops-  I am not a huge fan of lamb, but surprisingly this was my favorite dish.  The seasoning complemented the lamb very well and the meat itself was not too gamey.  \n\nAll in all a really nice dinner.  I would come again for the food but would appreciate the food to come out faster and more attention from our waitress (vs the other waiters\/servers) in such a snazzy place.
I first went here at the recommendation of a friend, and I was not disappointed. Their drinks are good! Even the hot chocolate is yummy! I will say, this is not an in-and-out coffee place. You definitely have to wait a while for your drink, and they pay lovely attention to their latte art.  With that, I would expect the seating to be better. They have a bunch of large tables set up, but nothing really for just a few people to relax. So you have to wait for your drink and there often isn't anywhere to really enjoy it. They also could do a little better job policing their storefront as there has been a man of late who always asks for change right out front in an affronting manner. But it's really good coffee and once you're inside it's fine and you can get on to your coffee experience!
I had very high expectations for this place and was let down.\nPluses: We were able to have a table 15 minutes prior to our reserved time\nEscargot was good\nWater was cold\nService was good\n\nI had the Steak Vogue and found it to be very tasteless, didn't even have the natural beef flavor a flat iron steak is known for. Asked for medium rare and it was closer to rare, any other cut this wouldn't bother me but a flat iron cut needs that little extra cook time. It was served with the Vogue Fries which are nothing special.\nWife enjoyed her martini and crime brûlée but wasn't impressed with her filet.\n\nReally had high hopes this would be a convenient close place for special date nights but I'll only go back when I want Escargot in a pinch.\n\nExpect to drop no less than $100 for two people depending on drinks\/dessert of course. \n\nAppetizer came out quickly but so did the food which isn't a horrible thing but we weren't finished with our app. and our entree was being dropped off. I feel like the server needs to keep a closer eye on the other staff bringing the food out and have em hold it for a moment to time things better. \n\nSo overall: Not impressed, especially for the coin.
I havent been to Benihana's in a while, I never really had a complaint about it. It was satifying. This place though was awesome. The food was very tasty, the drinks were incredibly full of liquor, not stingy at all. We ordered sushi before our dinner and the tuna was super fresh. \n\nBy far the best Benihana's we have been too. A definite place to go next time you are in Vegas.
I had four hours till my flight in Cleveland (oh, jeez) and was overjoyed to find a lounge. The place is clean, modern looking and VERY quiet (I think there are maybe five other people in there.) Free wifi, power outlets everywhere, and a bar. I got in free with my Amex Platinum *and* got a $7 credit against drinks, so that was more than I normally get in lounges! Really happy to have a quiet place to work and relax.
Whenever I go to Vegas, I always either stop by the Bellagio Buffet or the Wynn Buffet. Neither of them ever disappoint.\n\nGreat cuts of meat, cocktail shrimp, and king crab legs. I eat pretty much the same stuff at every buffet in Vegas, but it's the quality that counts. Wynn is the best, but Bellagio is a close second.\n\nIt's not cheap, but you're in Vegas, splurge a little!
Started off great until a year into grooming. I guess once you're established, they don't care as much. No replies and miscommunication on appointment dates and times. A few times she barely even got groomed bc of a conversation we had had about intermittent grooming (bc she gets matted easily) and rarely gets her nails clipped. Loved them and I'm pretty sure my dog did too but can't seem to get any service.
This is my guilty pleasure. My boyfriend and I eat here AT LEAST once a week. All of the servers are laid back, but fast and friendly. The Cornish Pasties are amazing. I've tried many, but my go-to is always The Ruben. If you like ruben sandwiches, the Ruben pasty will blow your mind. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!! Cheers!
This pizza is truly incredible. Fresh ingredients, thick slices and the staff is friendly and helpful.
It's outdated and lacking amenities. There aren't enough plugs in the room which is very inconvenient when traveling for business. The rooms are small, they are worn out, and everything is just meh.
Get rid of the owners idiotic son...you know which one patrons. And you may have something. Not worth delving any further. ;-)
Walked in at 11:30am on Sunday 4\/23 for a snack. No hot food at all. Very annoying. Without hot food, AMPM is just another run of the mill gas station.
Randomly stumbled upon this AYCE joint just before going to a buddy's xmas party. The restaurant is pretty small, can probably only seat about 10-12 tables. \n\nThe quality of the sashimi and sushi rolls was surprisingly good for a mid-town sushi joint. My go to salmon sashimi however was not as fresh as other places, which I can generally tell by the colour of the salmon (not as orange!)\n\nIf I was in the area again and craving sushi, would still hit up this spot -- good value for the money, and food was descent.
It's really exciting to see new local breweries popping up in Pittsburgh.  I went to a group meeting event hear and was able to sample all of their beers and receive a tasting class for $10 and got a tour of the facilities.  The guys working there were very friendly and knowledgeable about their beer.  They had a nice range of different varieties, and had a really interesting unique beer that tasted like a slightly sour wheat cherry beer that was quite good and I normally don't even like sour beers or cherry flavored drinks.  They only have beer samples and growlers for sale with no food yet but they are planning on expanding to have food soon.
Great for togo!\n\nWe ordered from here for our office meeting yesterday. They were very helpful over the phone. Plus they were the first place that when I call them before they open they don't give me attitude about ordering early. "Yes I understand that you don't open for another hour, but if you could please take my order so that I can make sure it's ready in and hour and  a half I would appreciate it." Do I really need to explain this to people? Annoying. \n\nAnyway, I didn't need to have that convo with them at all, took my order and let me know if would be ready exactly when I wanted it, and it was. \n\nThe quality was good, the salad dressing was great and they didn't skimp on the pizza toppings. They were a little pricey, almost $20 per 16" pizza, but it was worth it I think. Especially since I wasn't paying for it. haha!
My husband had a 'strategic planning meeting' at this resort for the association he works for.  This means he has to be in board meetings for 2 days hearing what he has done well and wrong for the past year and what is going to go on this coming year...and I get to hang out with a bunch of ladies and eat, drink and lay by the pool.  It was a really lovely trip...I'm sure I had more fun than he did.  :)  \nAnywho, the good things about this hotel are:  the rooms are really nice, the staff is REALLY nice and the pool(s) is (are) amazing.\nThe bad things are the smokey casino lobby and the general hub-bub going on down there.  \nOverall, really wonderful time.  I would go back just to hang by the pool.
My husband, our 1 yr old and I just had dinner there. While we were there earlier than most ppl eat dinner, the service was fast and the restaurant was perfect for bringing our son. \nWe got a GF pizza which was amazing! The crust wasn't rock hard or grainy- it was hard to tell it was even GF! My half had the daiya cheese & my husband had normal cheese. They made sure the cheeses didn't touch w\/o being asked to. \n\nWe'll definitely be back!
I am a former barista so I am very picky about my coffee. Nothing can touch this place - the love, care, flavor, and aroma is in every sip. Best coffee I've ever tasted in my life. On only our second visit not only were we remembered, but so was our drink order!\nThe effort is in every sip! \nThe prices were a pleasant surprise and they even had soy milk!!
Ok... I have never seen the show these owners were on and didn't know the story behind the bakery but... decided to try this place because it's by my house.  I was skeptical to pay $3.00 for one cupcake. To my surprise I loved it and since then have tried a variety of their cupcakes!  My favorites include "the director" chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream frosting and their German chocolate cake which is made for only certain times.  I've bought their cupcakes for friends and coworkers and we all find them moist, flavorful and delicious. They do have cookies and cake pops as well as a few other things but I have only stuck with the cupcakes.  My favorite cupcake place!
Overall: The service here was impeccable. The view (if you're able to get a seat over lake Bellagio) is even better! It is very difficult to find a good charcuterie place on the Strip, and I'd have to say that this place is my favorite.  My recommendation is that you go early to get a good table, and also indulge in the appetizers\/drinks! I can't imagine how crowded this place must be on the weekends, but my boyfriend and I went on a weeknight and were able to get a table easily!\n\nFood: It does seem to me that you pay a premium on the food due to the fact that the view from the restaurant is absolutely beautiful. However, I'm not sure if that's a fair judgement based on the fact that I wasn't able to try everything on the menu. My boyfriend had the stroganoff (the special) and I had the butternut squash. Of course we also had charcuterie (which if I could, I'd give a 10\/5!) \n\nAmbiance: While the yelp review lists that the restaurant is casual, I did see some nicely-dressed individuals during our dinner! I think you can get away with business casual, especially if you're intending on setting outside. The Bellagio water show is absolutely stunning to watch from the outside patio, especially during sunset. The restaurant also offers photography for purchase for anyone sitting outdoors, but my boyfriend and I found that the waiters did a great job of capturing the moment for us on our iPhones (yay technology!)\n\nService: If the review was based on service alone, I would give the restaurant a 10\/5! The server we had whose name was Ann was absolutely wonderful, and kind. When we left the restaurant my boyfriend and I encountered a small health incident and the staff at the restaurant were responsive, attentive, and so kind!
-The BEST fries in the whole wide world!! Cheap too!\n\n-I LOVE these hamburgers, it's worth waiting for! I envision the toasty buns, secret sauce, and greasy goodness as I slowly wait my turn in line.\n\n-Good location, right off the freeway.\n\n-Service was friendly, just like any location.\n\n-I learned there's a Jersey Mike's in the same parking lot, as I waited in the Drive-Thru line.\n\n-I found this location with YELP's help.
Just had glam squad702 come out for my best friends wedding and they all did amazing I recommend them to everyone! Thank you again Mitchell and Ayana
Imagine partying and being out all night in "The Vegas," fueled up on adrenaline, eight shots of Gray Goose, six Red Bulls, four lines of nose candy, and maybe two hits off of a gravity bong. In other words, you're freakin' wasted. \n\nYour world is starting to spin and you need some food to keep functioning (and to ensure you don't puke or OD). You stumble into a Denny's and you are blown away by weird neon colors, friendly service, and good food at great prices featuring out of this world portions. You are so amazed by the experience you feel you as if you are dreaming, high, or both.\n\nWell, the paragraph above pretty much describes my recent experience(s) at the Peppermill, except that I was not on a Charlie Sheen style bender. Even stone cold sober and pissing holy water, I was amazed by the food, service, and of course, the neon colored look and feel of the place.\n\nAfter a long day of traveling and working, I came here for dinner and had a delicious half pound burger with grilled mushrooms, Swiss cheese, crispy bacon, fresh produce featuring onions, lettuce, tomatoes, and a delicious dill pickle that Snookie would salivate over. With my entree, I was given the option of a side of fries, curly fries, or onion rings. I opted for the hot and crispy curly fries. And when I say side, I mean a 2,500 calorie mountain.\n\nIt was a quality meal and well priced ($16 including tip), considering it was more than enough for two people or maybe even three. But of course, being a nasty pig, I devoured the entire burger and ate as many curly fries as a I could until I felt there was a pimple forming at the end of my nose. \n\nI was so impressed by the meal and the service, I let my impressive server (who was in training at the time and being shadowed by another server), that I would be back the following day. As I wasn't pulling a Charlie Sheen, the next day I kept my word and returned with my coworker. Word is bond, yo.\n\nThis time around, I had a chicken focaccia sandwich filled with thick slices of avocado, prosciutto, provolone cheese, all served a side of Balsamic vinaigrette. The sandwich was delicious. This time around I opted for some tasty onion rings that gave me enough grease on my face to start a fire, a small pimple, and a pair of busted slacks. Whatever. I like being fat. No, really. I swear.\n\nIn the end, this has become one of my new favorite places to eat in "The Vegas," even if the food makes my face look young (greasy and pimply) and body look old (round and fat). Good food and good times, even without a Charlie Sheen recipe for disaster.
The burgers are juicy and amazing screw going to BK or the Mc. Even tho it's a little more money I wouldn't go any place else in the valley for a burger
They get 1 Star for their commercials and I think I speak for everyone in Wisconsin when I say I hope this terrible place files for bankruptcy.
Really Cool Spot! A bit of a weight on a Friday night, but it cool that you can have drinks & apps on the patio. Drinks were good and strong. Chips and Salas really good too. Tacos are street style so small in size, large in flavor. If you r hungry, ap and maybe 3 tacos would be perfect.
I don't know why but it smells very sour in the place. It's pretty bad. I noticed it last time too....   other than that,  sandwiches are good.
The food is good, and they have a ton of variety, but nothing in my mind stands out on their menu. \n\nI've ate here a few times since it's close to my house, their kebabs are probably the best thing I've had, but it seems like they try too hard to put a ton of things on the menu. Their Pizza was average at best.
If they had more than 5 stars to give I would give it\n\nFood is awesome and you get a ton of it. I had the beef Sharma meal and i highly recommend it.
I'm pretty new to the Shabu Shabu game but this place has a good bang for the buck.  Spent many Saturday hungover brunches after partying on the strip at Swish.  They have cool check-in specials which got me even more drunk!  Good service, good meat quantity (quality is a-ok not the best), and pretty clean to my standards.  I can't get enough of this stuff, I'm pretty addicted.
I've only been here once.  It looks pretty good for the most part.  I got a take and bake vegetarian pizza.  As I was making it, I noticed a second label under the price tag.  While the pizza was in the oven I peeled the top label off and found it had been re-dated!!  The previous "sell-by" date had already passed and a new date was printed on the top label.\nThe pizza tasted terrible.      \n\nSince tis was the only visit, it could be an isolated incident.
AMAZING dinner tonight! I'd recommend this place to everyone! They have sushi, chicken, pork belly, blue crap bush puppies..... Such a variety! The staff was none stop stay busy, place was immaculate and everyone was so friendly  loved the kimchi fried rice with pork belly!
Convivial little place in Phoenix that transport you to Puebla, or Oaxaca. The mole is tasty, thick and has a very good earthy taste to it. The homemade corn tortillas were thin and flavorful. The chips and salsa they serve are done well and offer 3 distinct tastes. The flour tortillas are unlike anything I have ever tried. The aguas are delicious. You cannot go wrong with this place.
I've eaten there once and have gotten delivery about 5 times. with a few exceptions, everything has been not just top notch in taste but the proportions are very generous! and to top it off the pricing is a very good value for the money. One night I ordered the Beef Pad-Thai and I swear I thought they made a mistake and sent me a family dinner it was so loaded with food!!  And no matter which part of the huge menu I ate from, it was either good or great! Sushi, sushi rolls, japanese Tempura or noodles. and of course all the chinese dishes - everything has been great. Oh and the best part of ordering from home - their delivery is really FAST. blows away any pizza delivery I ever had in Charlotte.
Chicken was good. Sides were excellent. Really like the atmosphere​. Music is good too. Chicken was good but I might have to try it again to make a solid review.
Children's party going on at 11AM on a Wednesday. Booths were almost all missing or moved to the back area. One section blocked off and empty and all the other tables with cups etc on them. Got ignored for two minutes at the register and left. Have eaten here a number of times before and been satisfied. Don't know what the deal was but it was a waste of our lunch hour going there.
This is a late review. I went to Yasu in September 2015. I would give this place a 4 when compared to sushi restaurants in other cities, but given that we are in Toronto, it's definitely a 5. It's a small and cosy place with friendly staff. The fish was fresh and of high quality. The omakase included 16 pieces of various sushi, 1 maki and 1 handroll. Try to get a seat at the bar; watching the chefs do their thing was pretty fun.
Absolutely perfect.. I'm by myself, just came in from out of town, been driving all night, setting up a booth In vegas and Dropping off a trailer near by, needed food and a drink.. Perfect atmosphere to sit in a dimly lit bar, have a cheesesteak, and have John serve up some drinks w\/ a smile.. Just what I needed.
Food is good, but only if you are staying for the buffet, if you are getting the thali's for takeout they don't ever fill the containers. My paneer dish had one small peice of paneer, my Kadi with pakora had no pakora. \nBest thing is to eat there.
Even though I hate to say it because it will probably make it harder for me to see him Nick is the best.  He is one of the best massage therapists I've ever gone to in my life.  I always kick myself when I try to cut corners and go to someone else when he is not available, because I never end up happy.  He is attentive, listens to what you want, and delivers every time.  Massage Envy is lucky to have him, because he is top notch.
Incredible Mansion, perfect for special occasions and fancy dinners. The food was truly delicious. You need to wait  30-something minutes at the bar for he table if you don't have the reservation, but it's totally worth it! We will be back for sure.
Can service be too...attentive? \n\nI love that the restaurant is spacious, clean and modern. Love the many sides they give and the quality of the meat, this and Hobak definitely have the best meat quality in all of the Korean BBQ places and decent pricing too. \n\nBut I was so annoyed being there, to the point where I could not have a conversation with my friend. We had about 4 different servers taking care of us... you would think this is awesome and service should be beyond expectations..but no. \n\nIt was my first time there so I needed time to look over the menu, I asked the first server to give us some time, then 2 other servers came by wanting to take our order so we had to ask for more time again. \n\nThen my friend wanted pictures of some of the dishes so we told one of the servers that we can cook the meat ourselves, she let us be but the other servers kept coming by asking us if we are sure we want to do it ourselves. Then my friend wanted to cut the pork belly before it was fully cooked so it can cook more quickly, but a server came by and rudely asked "You cutting before its cooked?" - then he took over with the meat and told us "Don't cut ok?!" ... Seriously?!? We asked to be left alone... and they keep coming over acting like we don't know how to grill meat. The same guy came back and keep cooking our meats and was putting meat that I did not want onto my plate so he can cook more meat...they kept coming over and being in our faces we had to stop our conversation every time they come by. \n\nI get it that they are trying to give you good service, they are trying to cook the meat for us and its really nice of them... But they should let us be when we ASKED for it multiple times. My friend and I prefer to cook our own meat so we can eat at our own pace... these servers kept coming by and cooking meat continuously and we felt rushed to eat them all before they are over-cooked. \n\nThey really should not have too many people working the same table, and they clearly don't communicate with each other since we had to repeat ourselves multiple times. The staff here are way too aggressive...it is as if they get annoyed that you are cooking your own meat! \n\nI really enjoyed the food, best meat quality and a great variety of side dishes. But when I have a meal, I like to be able to talk to my friends, I like to eat at my own pace and I generally like to be left alone so I could comfortably eat. This place is way too aggressive with their serving style and they are borderline rushing you to finish your meal and being rude.
I love Sonic, but the food at this location isn't quite as good as others.  This location is not in the best area of town for you out-of-towners.  We did get fast service though.
Silvia is an amazing server and food is exceptional! I will be back again and again and again! The carne asada dinner was perfect! Drinks are amazing. Awesome decor and cool vibe. Sooooo impressed!
I've been going to this Fuddrucker's since early '09, and I hope that all of the issues that Tara M. brought up in her review have been addressed, it seemed fairly clean in the ten or so visits I've made this year. I dig their burgers, legit fresh quality ground beef cooked up on the spot works for me. The buns are delectable, and a perfect compliment. Nice condiment bar with a good selection of choices, and big, seasoned fries (wedge-style) round things out nicely. \n\nYes, the interior is kinda kitschy and tacky (long overdue for an update or total remodel), and the exterior is pretty dated, but I don't come here for those things. It's a little on the pricey side, but I'm willing to throw down a few extra bucks for the quality of food which has been very consistent here.
This my favorite Mexican food place in AZ. Their burritos are so flavorful and big. No matter what I've gotten,  from Chilaquiles to the Senor Burro, it has been fantastic. My family is very picky and we can all agree on Senor Taco.
I made my second visit to Taco Mac with a small group of friends. The beer selection rates 5 stars the food rates 2 stars. Great place to watch sports events. There must be 75 flat screens in this establishment.\n\nA number of the tables in the bar area have their own tappers right at the table. You just start pouring and a counter keeps track of your consumption. No waiting for the server to order another round.\n\nGreat place to go with a group. The appetizers and the one entree we ordered were a dissapointment.
It looks like a neighborhood bike shop, which I think is very cool. Looking in the window I saw old 10 speeds and the like. I said looking in the window because I never got into the shop, no one was there. After reading other yelp reviews, I realize this was a small shop, with weird hours. I called about 9am and ask what the hours for that day were... "10-7".  I got there at 10:15, and no one was there.  OK, everyone can run behind, at 10:30 I went to the restaurant next to the bike shop for a snack, at 10:45 they still were not there and their phone is going to voice mail. I guess if you go there, go on the weekend, do not count on them being there even if you call ahead to confirm.\n\nThe reason it is a two and not a one is because they answered the phone at 9am.
Very good customer service.  Everyone went out of their way to be helpful.  Picked up some Nike Phoenix shirts.
Not sanitary!! I went in for a manicure and was disgusted at the tools. There's no way they are disinfecting them. When the manicurist took them out of her case, they did not look clean and after she used them on me, she took one of the tools and swished it around in the bowl of water that I had been soaking my fingernails in! The other tools went back into her case without being cleaned. Super Disgusting!
Realizing that there are SOOO many locations to get banh mi in Charlotte, we're always reduced to having one choice, Le's Sandwiches. This sandwich is a staple for my culture and I tend to be picky on where I go to get my fix. Considering the fact that this is the only decent location in Charlotte, my review rating will be a little inflated for what their actually worth. \n\nThis little small shop in Asian Corner is a hidden gem among the busy passerby's who haven't had the chance to snack upon this staple. Locally owned and operated by a mom and pop, the place screams support small businesses like us. And that's something you should definitely do. You're not only supporting them, but also getting a little taste of Vietnam. \n\nThe bread used here is baked fresh and you need to come early as they will usually run out by 4 or 5 PM. Ask for it to be toasted. That's a true version with whatever sandwich you order. I notice people don't ask for that and yuck, just yuck. You need it toasted to get that crunch from the bread and boosted flavor from the heat. I usually get their special for $4.00, which in all honesty is a little high. The meats are sliced in standard affair and depending on which sandwich, you can have a bland taste to tastebud popping when you chew on a pepper-corn. However, they've been cutting down on their meat quality and putting more liver patte and lard in. Veggies of course are fresh and the jalapeno peppers are guaranteed to make you sweat. \n\nService is friendly and be sure to bring CASH, folks. They don't accept CC like many Asian stores. For what it's worth in Charlotte, you can get a decent Vietnamese sandwich here.
Great fresh ingredients. Tasty beef tacos and burritos. Fresh ingredients better than chipotle.
Did a take out brunch and we enjoyed the food. Very affordable with prices much lower than other restaurants serving brunch. The place has more of a coffee shop feel to it and it's not too big. \n\nWorth checking out.
Hier kann man die Geburtstunden des Automobils förmlich spüren und die Modelle und Pläne bewundern.\nEcht interessant und ein Muss für Auto Fans.!
I went there with my bf out of curiosity. Heard a lot about the chain and to be fair, I don't expect a whole lot after reading reviews and eating ramen at other places in Toronto (Sansotei, Santouka, Nobuya, Kinton, Toubouken and Rajin Ramen).\n\nI ordered the Tonkatsu Miso Ramen while my bf ordered the king of kings ramen. I found my Tonkatsu Miso ramen to be decent. I should not have drank much of the broth as I was REALLY thirsty for a while and needed water. Rarely have this problem in the places I tried above. Bf did not enjoy the king of kings ramen as he didn't like the broth and its overall execution. He also felt it wasn't like a traditional Japanese ramen bowl despite many toppings. I mean, he was surprised at the ground pork and kimchi there. He found my broth to be fine though.\n\nPerhaps it's me and my bf's preference, but we weren't expecting that much beansprouts and very thin noodles (well, based on the thicker noodles we are used to from other places).\n\nService is fine given the limited space and growing number of clients (we came at 11ish opening time and left at around 11:55).\n\nOverall 3\/5 stars, which I feel is justified. Won't mind trying this chain again in Mississauga or Toronto but it's not a place we would go out of our way for lunch or supper. Bf intends to try a more "traditional" Japanese ramen bowl there next time. For me, I probably may give shio a shot along with the takoyaki. Those look huge!
Great place, Jerry super cool guy, good music playin. Great work, colors really pop on your work, strongly recommend to anyone looking for quality work.
Classy joint - second floor patio has a great atmosphere but is small, so go early to grabs a table. I prefer The Oxley, as there is a bit more room and the location is nicer, but really you can't go wrong with either one.
The new restaurant on green street is great. The vegasm is delicious as are the parm truffle tots. Can't wait for them to be open for later hours for some much needed drunk munchies. Same quality of food and price as the trucks!
I have been to this location twice now, both great experiences. Both times were to fixed my tire and get it patched up due to a nail.\n\nI am really writing this for the customer service, as soon as I walked in I was greeted, and told they will be right with me as soon as they can, not being ignored. As I was being walked out to my truck, the employee held a door open for a customer who was walking towards the entrance.\nThe other aspect of service I witnessed, which was great! 2 girls came in, acting kind of ditzy, saying they ran over something and asked the employee behind the counter to look at the tires to see if everything was ok. The employee didn't talk down to them or try to make them feel stupid (that's why the 5 star). It's that kind of service giving respect to every customer that goes a long way.
I had been thinking about joining this Good Life location strictly for the fact that it has a pool. I finally got around to getting a 7 day trial membership to try it out this past week. My habit is to swim first thing in the morning, which has some impact on my experiences.\n\nThe good: \nThe pool is saltwater. If you're sensitive to chlorine, this is ideal since saltwater is less harsh on the skin.\nThe hours are great - 6 AM to 10 PM. Usually pools have very limited hours for lane swimming.\nPool only memberships are available, for about half the price of a full membership.\n\nThe bad: \nThe pool is short at 20 yards. Once you get started you're already at the other end. I've been spoiled by swimming in 25 m pools I guess.\nThere are on 4 lanes (5 if you count the one with the built-in steps).\nThe lanes are narrow and cannot be shared. As a result only 4 or 5 people can swim at a time in the pool. There's a courtesy time limit of 20 minutes. \nThere are often 7 AM classes. You either have to get your swimming in before 7 AM or after 8 AM.\nThere are no lines on the bottom of the pool! Kind of disorienting, but maybe not  a bit deal since you can't share lanes...\n\nIn the end I decided not to join. I was glad to be able to try it out - that's not true of every gym.
Plan ahead on your visit here. It can be very exclusive seating. The food is totally worth the price! I'm never disappointed when I visit here. Also, be prepared to be fullll when you leave. They serve veggies and bread before your real meal comes. I was stuffed beyond measure and my pants knew it. Unfortunately, I don't think sweatpants would've been appropriate attire...but I needed them when I left! ;)
If you liked it then you shoulda put an egg on it. \nSeriously, throw an egg on their phenomenal Fresh Ground Bison Burger. \n\nI was always a fan of Krayvings, but my first few visits I wasn't into the ipad ordering system. I decided to customize my meal this morning and it truly does add to the experience. The touchscreen gives you plenty of great options, especially if you're particular with your diet.\n\nI went for the Bison Burger minus the brioche bun (which I'm sure is great) and added fontine cheese, spicy aoli, and egg- lettuce wrap style. First bite was a "damn that's good!" moment. The meat was perfectly seasoned and juicy with a delicious outer char. The carmelized onions brought it home big time. \n\nThe staff was great and my server took the time to tell me all about how my meal was prepared, which I always appreciate. Be sure to try out their smoothies too, the PB Nutella being my personal fav. Keep up the good job Krayvings!
First time here due to the lure from Groupon. The presentation of the sushi rolls is very poor, the sushi is just thrown on an ugly white plate, no garnish nothing. The rolls are not tight, and the rice falls apart when you put in soy sauce. The sushi it self wasn't to bad but I've had way way better. My glass was dirty, and are waiters nails were dirty. Yuck !
Went here yesterday, Saturday night about 9 pm. We were seated almost right away and the rest of my table had their drinks before I even made it back from washing my hands. I ordered a carafe of one of the unfiltered sakes. It was so good and served in a cute little glass and jar. \n\nOne if my friends ordered a roll wrapped in cucumber and said it was one of the best he'd ever had. My other friend ordered the yellowtail roll and commented that it was the most flavorful yellowtail he'd ordered in quite some time. One of my girlfriends and I ordered the house salad which was huge but only five dollars!!! I also got the fried rice which isn't on the menu but I asked  and they said the would make it special.  So delicious.\n\nOverall, wonderful service, delicious food, good drinks, and at a reasonable price. Would definitely recommend.
i usually go for saltier\/egg-y brunches but this time i tried out their sweet brkfst meal (i dont remember off the top of my head the name, but it came with plain yogurt\/crepes\/toast\/apple sauce\/fruits). it was amazing! the plain yogurt was a nice way to off-set all the sweet stuff.\n\nsurprised this place has such few reviews. no regrets. i'm from Toronto but if i ever go back to Montreal, definitely hitting up this spot again.
For Dim Sum outside of Chinatown this place is A-Ok. They need a beer and wine license if they want to increase their dinner traffic. All the dim sum was good.
Oh, so everyone else gave the Boardwalk one star...Not me, baby!  Yes, I realize it's been torn down\/blown up\/otherwise undone by human hands...\n\nWhy do I love thee so?  Well, this was the site of my wedding.  My marriage.  My betrothal, if you will...  \n\nOkay, so we were broke kids in love, looking to elope in Vegas after a (LONG ASS) drive there from SF.  In July.  With no air conditioning.  If our love can survive that, it can survive anything, right?  So far, yes.  \n\nAlso, the Boardwalk had a fabulous and small casino, unbelievable Prince revival every night and pretty damn good odds.  Also, a very sincere but cheesy ministeress who performed our wedding (much to our delight, althoug it was difficult, nee impossible, to supress our giggles)....\n\nGreat place, now gone.  You know they'll build something better in its place.  We'll be there for our 10 year, 25 year and 50 year reunion.  Oh yeah...
Amazing customer service, i love coming here for cheap knives and fishing stuff. If you guys have any questions about camping ask for nathan, hes a manager there who knows everything about the outdoors. Drive the extra miles into the ghetto for this one, the selection and customer service is much better then any of the surrounding big 5s
I went to Down Under about a month ago with my parents as their driver while they did a wine tasting. The atmosphere in the bar was great. They had a great sense of fun, as it happened to be a karaoke night when we were there. One of the guests happened to bring a karaoke machine in and they encouraged all guests to participate. Even the bartenders had a brief cameo on the mic, showing that they incorporated a fun atmosphere in the bar.\n\nThe food was very good considering that they were not primarily a restaurant. I had the ribs, and they were the kind that you would eat to the bone and wonder where they all went when you were finished. The desserts were a little heavier than what I expected, but for a night out it was doable.\n\nThe service was great as well. They were very friendly, checking back on our table often to make sure everything was good, and if we needed refills on our drinks.\n\nAll in all, a very good place to go for a night out. Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.
This hotel is just fine.  Nothing spectacular, and priced accordingly.  Most of the staff was friendly.  Downtown Vegas is great place to visit. I'm just not sure I would stay in this area again.  In the future I think I''ll just bite the bullet and stay up-town at one of the many luxury hotels, and cab-it to Fremont section for one evening.  Not trying to be a snob, but the crowd is a little on the rough side. This is a smokers paradise.  It gives you a flavor of what it must have been like 20 years ago in society. Unfortunately, we're not smokers so it was a little bothering. Again, it was good value, but as the saying goes, you get what you pay for.
I can't begin to say how disappointed I am with this place. I like small businesses and everyone was very friendly, however, after several visits and close to $1,000 later, my stereo still isn't fixed and they never did diagnose it correctly. With the limited supply of stereo equipment to choose from, they are not able to correctly work with OEM stereo equipment. The trouble started with the volume continually fluctuating. They diagnosed it as a bad 'Tato" unit and replaced it.  Not once, but three times. Finally said it wasn't that, now it was the amplifier that they would replace for 'only' $800 and, by the way, I'm going to need to new subwoofer. \nTook it elsewhere, replaced the stereo, not the amp and sub, and it works fine. \nSo as nice as everyone is, they are not qualified to diagnose\/fix everything. I have a 2004 4 Runner, not some exotic car.
Came here after reading good reviews while I was working in the area. Customer service was polite and efficient. Menu was clean and simple. Sandwich was excellent. Have been here twice and would come back here anytime I get the chance.
Great shakes.  Will have to try the bowls next time or the burgers.  They both look amazing.
This is probably the best boba tea place in Vegas. At least top 3. All the employees here are so nice. This place is always so busy and there's a reason why. I love the taro milk tea because they use real taro! I get it less sweet but the regular sweetness is just fine. It's not that it's overly sweet, it's just my personal preference. \n\nI've had the sweet crepe here before too and it was just as delicious.\n\nI want to try the taro slush because they put real taro as a topping but I just love it over ice too much. Great concept here! Love this place.
Worst oriental food I've had.\nExpensive too.\nOnly one oriental looking guy working there. \nThe veggie noodles I got were not good. Hardly no veggies in it. Noodles were very thick and had a weird bland taste. I had to soak it with soy sauce just so I could eat it.\nMy hubby asked for a side of white rice and they wanted 6.99 for it. So hubby declined.\nSoup was good.
You know that mythical hole-in-the-wall sushi place, the one run by a local proprietor and serves delicious food at reasonable prices that no one ever knows about? This is that place. I cannot say enough good things about this establishment. First off, the sushi is top rate. Now, I am not saying that it is Japan sushi sensei level good, but it is consistently excellent and very unexpected for the neighborhood. The fish is fresh, the rice is tasty, the portions are generous (for sushi). There are both Japanese and Korean entrees available as well. But the best thing has to be the price - it is happy hour every day, meaning that for $5, you can get a Las Vegas roll, and for $7 you can get a rainbow roll. Chirashi only sets you back $11. And Edamame is complimentary. Seating is limited due to the fact that this is indeed a real hole in the wall, so it can get crowded on weekends. By far my favorite sushi establishment this side of the valley.
There is clearly a problem with their employees in their postal services. I am all for hiring the elderly but many of them are unable or struggle to accurately perform the job. I have had three prior mailings of packages that were not correctly inputted into the system and were either lost or never arrived. You have to go down to the post office on Via Ventura to resolve the issue. It is clear that on all three times it was due to error by the postal clerk. I quit mailing there for that reason. Well, yesterday I decided to give it another try. The clerk was really slow and seemed to be struggling. It was not until I got home, that I looked at my tracking slip. She marked the slip as destination Irvine, California. The package is being sent to Florida. So I checked the tracking number this morning and it is not even in the system. I dropped it off yesterday morning. Unbelievable! Back to the post office to try and resolve this and find my package. These employees are unable to accurately perform their duties. I am going to file a formal complaint with the postal service. They need to be held to the same standards and training as regular postal workers. Save yourself the time and frustration and use the regular post office.
These guys just removed 10 large trees from my yard. Fili and his crew did excellent work. It was a big job but they knocked it out quickly and cleaned up the yard very well. Luis was great to work with, knowledgeable and professional and always quick to respond to my texts.\n\nI will definitely be using them in the future for all of my outdoor projects.
Our dog came in for a visit to this clinic with an ear infection, which should have been a simple fix. The Vet here claimed a special test was needed to determine the type of infection,  more than one medication was prescribed, and they failed to clean his ear out. We ended up paying a few hundred out of our pocket that was unnecessary, which we discovered after consulting another Vet since the infection didn't go away. What a waste of our money for poor and dishonest service!!
We were excited when we saw there was a sports bar\/gastropub in our hotel. Craft burgers and beer whilst watching the Sunday night football game, awesome!!\n\nImmediately we could see that the sense of urgency within the restaurant was poor, it was Sunday at 1830Hrs and they were nearly 50% to capacity, so,.. maybe that had something to do with it . \n\nWe ordered their Public House burger both Medium temp, at $17 each with added bacon on one for $2 extra. Twenty (20) minutes later, no burgers. When we inquired with our server we were told "the kitchen is backed up.." and no time given as to how much longer until we asked, then she said "about 10 more minutes," as if that was just the norm. Spoke to a manager and he went to investigate, seven (7) minutes later we were getting our burgers. That's thirty (30) minutes for burgers, oh! and they were Medium Well, not medium (pink all the way through-as was iterated upon ordering them). The food was not only late, it was cooked to the incorrect temperatures, we ate it as we didn't want to wait another 30 minutes.\n\nThe brioche buns were very fresh and yummy, the fries were crunchy and seasoned well. \n\nWe requested Ranch to go with the fries and we were told it was 50¢, ok that's fine, no big deal. Just to note, if you are going to charge for condiments, the quality assurance for your other dressings should be great, the Caesar dressing for the side salad was oily and runny, hence it was broken (the oil was no longer emulsified by the egg yolks and dijon).\n\nHospitality here was very poor, we didn't feel like guests at Public House, more like people who they had to deal with because we walked in.
The baristas are always exceptionally rude. Cafe Kopi has better coffee and a friendlier vibe.
While I do love Bahama Bucks, I don't like this location! The hours they say that they will be open, seems 50\/50 if they actually are open. Which seems to be a common problem from other yelpers I see. Well it's still a problem as of today: 4\/13\/2014!
After reading other Yelp reviews, I knew this was a must try spot. I went in with little expectation for the wait staff, but we were pleasantly surprised! Our names were taken down, we were showed where we could wait and only waited about ten minutes for a table. \n\nOur server was as sweet as could be and got our drinks and bread right away. If I had to leave after the bread and dipping oil I would have been ridiculously happy. The bread came out piping hot and the dipping oil was better than anything I've ever had. \n\nWe ordered soup which came out right away and was tasty. Our meals came out only a few minutes after we finished our soup and we were not disappointed! I got the Rita pasta and my husband had the Sarafino pasta, both of which were incredible! \n\nWe felt out of place because we were the only table in the restaurant without a bottle (or two) of wine! So we will definitely be taking a bottle next time we go!
Theresa never fails to make my eyebrows look good. She is so sweet , and out-going. I don't go to anyone else but her and I definitely trust her with my eyebrows haha.
My daughter and I went in for gel manicures and regular pedicures.  We used the valpak coupons. Two men took care of us and an older lady. They were very kind, spoke english and did an EXCELLENT JOB!  My cuticles have never looked better.  I also had a pleasant conversation with my nail tech about Asian food! :-)  We showed up after 6pm, they close at 7 but finished our nails and another lady too and stayed until almost 7:30 without rushing us out.  They took their time and did our nails right!!  It's not a fancy place, but since it's a bit South of Happy Valley, you don't run into the packed nails salons (where they rush and don't do as great of a job) like you would if you go to a salon at Happy Valley and Lake Pleasant.  Thanks for the great nails!  We will be back!
I've been to Smith Bros steakhouse a couple times. Their steak is decent and price is reasonable. We ordered Filet Mignon ($33), Rib-Eye Steak ($35), Seafood Sirloin ($32) and New York Strips ($30). Out of the 4, I personally like Filet Mignon the most, because it is very tender; but my parents like the Rib-Eye better. I wish seafood sauce can be one of the option. Overall, good experience and worth your money.
The coffee from All that Jazz has great coffee, and that's easily what's most important for me in a cafe. I usually just get the coffee, but sometimes get the latte or cappuccino and the iced Americano in the summer.\nThey've also started bringing in more food on the menu, some they seem to make there like sandwiches, and some they bring in from Dufflet's...I think.\nInside is quite spacious with ample seating that can usually guarantee you a spot. It's also got nice big windows with lots of natural light and jazz continuously playing.\nIt's a good spot to enjoy a coffee and a bite or just grab a cup of joe to go.
This place is horrible!  I initially used them since I started in real estate in 1997. Never had any problems until my last order which took over a month for them to complete. I had to constantly call and was just given the run around and transferred to a different person each time. I don't know what's going on at this place but they do not conduct business in a professional manner. I finally lost it after calling to check on my order which was promised to be done on a certain day (again!). The manager threatened to cancel my order and hang up on me. Granted I was yelling at him but before that I had been more than patient and understanding. The order did finally get done after I screamed at them but it will be my last with them. Besides all this their prices aren't the best around. They had all my art work so it was a simple order with no changes.
I didn't know what to really expect when I came here, but I saw a picture of saimin the day before and I knew that I just had to go! \n\nI got here a lil before 11 am and it was pretty packed. I ordered the deluxe saimin and subbed it out with udon noodles instead. Everything came out fairly quickly. Broth was light and there was a good assortment of wonton, bbq pork and imitation crab meat. I didn't leave full though, so that was the downfall. My coworker enjoyed the teriyaki chicken which he ate all of.\n\nI know I will be back to get some chantilly cake to go! They have a pastry selection that looked pretty delish, but can be pricy at $4.50 a slice. \n\nWe were in and out in 30 minutes and everyone was quite friendly.
I tried this place the other day for take out while walking past the store. The staff there was so friendly and fun. They took their time to explain things on the menu and give me their recommendations. It was fast service. I had the drunken beef with the mayo and it was delicious. The crisp carrots and cucumbers make it so refreshing. I can't wait to try other things on the menu.
I purchased my vehicle here and that was a great experience, but the real win is in the service I've had for the past few years. Tom Miller  is THE MAN and he always treats me & my vehicle well. This is the first Lexus I've owned and I'm definitely hooked.
Every dish with beautifully presented and so beautiful! Very unique great selection, the atmosphere is amazing, the service is great.  Just be ready to pay.
The beer education of Misti Y could have very easily been completed tonight if I hadn't had to run off to catch an art show. I am a beer-drinker, but nowhere near the connoisseurs that frequent Aces and Ales. There was a special selection of Rogue brews on tap starting tonight, and the occasion brought out some deep beer lovers--avid home brewers, the Beer Meet-up organizer. In addition to sipping the suds on tap, they brought out special bottles to share. Passion was in the air.\n\nBecause I am just a lowly drinker, I can't say that I am the most qualified to determine the quality of the beer selection, but based on the survey of the crowd, this is the place to be. I trust them. They did mention Freakin' Frog and Yardhouse, but for straight-up quality and not quantity, they agreed Aces delivers best. I tried the Rogue Hazelnut: delicious. I also tested a Belgian ale. The name escapes me, but I wish I could have handled an entire glass! I had to drive.\n\nWhen I arrive, I was starving, so I ordered some grub. I was impressed to see a veggie burger on the menu and sweet potato fries. The veggie burger was a pretty standard Morning Star-esque patty, and it came on a sesame seed bun with a nice stack of lettuce, onions, tomatoes and pickles. It was charred agreeably. The sweet potato fries were a tad salty, but I finished every morsel of sustenance on my plate. Overall, it was a solid offering for bar food. I would not be afraid to come here hungry.\n\nAs for the physical atmosphere, the bar was a large, clean and comfortable video-poker bar with pool tables. Nothing trendy or thematic, but I was impressed by the lack of overbearing smoke, and the fact that one TV station was dedicated to music videos on FuseTV.  Plus, the co-owner is the guitar player for Alice Cooper. That earns bonus atmosphere points, as does the friendly staff. \n\nI am torn between 4 and 5 stars. I am a sucker for bold interiors, and Aces is a straightforward bar. Still, I know that most of the people coming here see everything through beer goggles, and if designer ones are your thing, then this is 5 stars all the way. For specialty beer passion, this is as good as it gets in Las Vegas.
Best egg rolls ever! Everything else I've had was good too but not the best around. Fast delivery and friendly service. It's clean but small and looks run down.
It took my dad and me about fifteen minutes to get a seat on a Sunday evening, as the restaurant was packed with many families. There's only one table meant for two people, so we had to wait for that one couple to finish their meal...\n\nMy dad and I ordered the chow mein and the small assorted gluten platter. I found that assorted gluten to be a bit too oily for my liking, but for $5.99 the quantity and the great tasting flavour made up for it. The noodles were pretty good, although the quantity in noodle was a bit meager in my opinion. \n\nIt also took us a while to get our bill. For some reason, they were waiting to give it to us. When my dad asked what was taking so long, they said that they were trying to confirm the third dish that we ordered and was waiting for it to be served. When my dad clarified that we never ordered a third dish, they hesitated, but then gave it to us right away. It just seemed a bit foolish having to wait for confirmation from the kitchen when they could have just asked us directly.\n\nGreat tasting food. Questionable service. I would like to come back at another time when it is less busy to give it another try.
Nice atmosphere, good service, nice wine selection, and most importantly, good food. Went to dinner with my wife, kids and in laws. Everyone enjoyed their food. Our waitress was lovely. Will definitely return. Btw... The chocolate lava cake was fantastic.
this place is amazing! i love anywhere with good veggie options and make your own styles. this place has both!\ntheir veggie patty is delicious. it's not your typical bean burger. it's got some beets in it, giving it a lovely red purple color, and something meal-y like mashed potatoes. i really have no idea though but it's super yummy. also you can put the veggie patty on any of the suggested burgers, or make your own! my burger was awesome.\nwe also had the stuffed peppadew peppers. they were really tasty but we weren't used to the spicy sweet of the peppadew.\nand last but not least, the cocktails were delicious! they are a few dollars on the expensive side, but still tasty none the less. will have to go back and try more. wish that their happy hour included a few bucks off the cocktails!\nthe only downside, the wait staff seems to be a bit inexperienced. went three times and all three times, sat waiting, and waiting, and waiting. oy!\nall in all, will be back, since we've already been back a few times :p bring down the drink prices, train your staff better, and keep up the delicious food!
Food was amazing ... threat service and great food. Nice and clean restaurant. They have really good drinks and food I would recommend very chill environment!
I went with a group of 5 and luckily we were able to sit in back.  The place is small and bad for groups.\n\nAside from that the food is awesome and the beer is cheap!  \n\nI grew up on pastys in Wisconsin, my Dad's would be called a beef stew pasty.  The variations this place has is awesome.  Good stuff!\n\nGo!
Beautiful place! This place is so pretty. But it is so my style too. Some may find it too "grandma." I love the decor.\n\nI went here for dinner at the restaurant, Mood.\n\nThe food was good. I had the filet, which was cooked as requested, not too under or overcooked. Someone in my party had the scallops, which was also cooked just right. Sides ordered were the mushrooms, which was my favorite dish, very tasty. We also got the brussel sprouts, mac and cheese, and the French fries. All were ok. Not incredibly impressive. We got the crab cakes, bruschetta and Margarita flatbread for appetizers. All good. The bruschetta would have been better if the bread wasn't hard. I prefer it when it is a little softer. For dessert we got the Italian coconut layer cake. It was ok, not great.\n\nI guess the place is an after hours spot too, but we didn't stay. All in all, it was a good experience.
By far the best burger place I have ever been to. The salmon burger mushroom Swiss style is amazing!!!! Can't wait to come back next year!
Our family stopped here on a whim to get a snack and ordered greek fries and bruschetta. Both were generous portions and good values and so delicious we were looking forward to visiting again before finishing our food. The service was friendly, but slow due to only one server working.
I have been here twice so far and both times have been amazing! You can't go there without trying their burgers! Mario Kart (that's the name of one of their burgers) is my favourite! A big veal meatball in the middle with cheese and this amazing sauce on top. I can't remember what it's called but it was down right good!\n\nMy friend and I also tried the deep fried oreos and it was like heaven in your mouth. The oreos were warm and soft, topped with a sweet taste of dolce de leche. My mouth is watering just thinking about them
I can't say anything about the quality of their food. I only sat at the bar long enough to enjoy a couple of beers and watch some March Madness. \n\nThe quickest way to turn me off from returning to a restaurant is to let me whiteness the person who is serving me stuff food into their own face. While I understand that it was a slow night hardly want to see my bar tender stand behind the bar and consume a protein or weight loss shake. Next quickest way to not have me return: not washing your hands after touching dirty money and then touching plates with food on them.
The crab cake Benedict is all lump meat and very filling. Delicious! I'd definitely check them out again when I'm in Vegas next week.
A very solid lunch meal. Sweet tea was southern accurate. Fried chicken was crispy and juicy, very well seasoned. Service was on point, attentive drinks refilled accordingly. Fried Green Tomato BLT was the star in my opinion. Only negative was their tiny portion of side Home fries, for the price it was definitely not enough fries.
This bar is actually two bars in one! One is suited for gambling with a darker, plusher atmosphere. The other side is an arcade with a non-gaming bar. The beer selection is great and so is the food (get the hangover fries...they're DELICIOUS) Ask for Erin......bartender on the gaming side. She's amazing!!!
Fine food for the right price, good portion. Wait time is a little rough but if you have the time, it's all good! Oreo cheese cake is a plus! Thumbs up!
We went for the Prime Rib French Dip special. We would definitely go back. Get there early, this place fills up fast!
Tried the smoked wings, pimento cheese fries, moist brisket, ribs, and burnt ends. \n\nThe smoked wings have some amazing flavor and goes really well with their bbq sauce. No complaints about the cheese fries.\n\nMoist brisket was the meat I liked best. Ribs and burnt ends were decent but the brisket was the star of the meal. If you've ever had moist brisket from Rudy's in Texas, you'll have no issues devouring the brisket at Midwood.\n\nService here was great.
I have been debating with my self on writing about my experience at Alo for more than four months and now I am doing it.\n\nI wanted to go here for over a year since I heard a lot about it and the hype was to the roof, so my girlfriend made a booking 2 months a head and there we go the night finally arrived.\n\nWe walked in and were greeted by the hostes at the elevator and another hostes at the restaurant who took our coats and showed us our table. First thing I noticed was 3 empty table and till end of the night they were all empty. Apparently they are not that busy anymore so no more 2 months reservation is required. Also with DNR app you can make same night reso.\n\nServer was very friendly but he was not very knowledgeable and helpful. He offered us to get two different set of the tasting menu to be able to try everything so we did so. The menu was 10 courses. For drinks we got couple cocktails including one from their older menu.\n\nDrinks were good but nothing special. Food start coming out and the portions were super tiny (1 to maximum 3 bites) which is normal for tasting. Unfortunately until end of all the savoury dishes both of us were still hungry. So we received three courses of dessert which made us think we are kind of full for at least 15 min because of all the sugar. \n\nWe paid $110\/person only for the food before tax & tip. The saddest part, Chef\/owner Patrick Kriss is when we walked out, we had to cross the Spadina and go to Mc donalds and get a big mac. As a chef that is so painful for me that my guest walk out hungry and get a big mac.\n\nUnfortunately because of the hype around Alo no one cares about anything else. I have eat in many starred restaurants around the world and Alo is not even close to any of them.\n\nI definitely will not go back to Alo since there are many better fine dinning in Toronto.
AMAZING!  I would definitely recommend. Quick prompt service.  We had an emergency failure of our A\/C unit this past weekend.  They were able to come out on an emergency visit even they they were booked solid.  Phil sent Dusty over and he was as great as could be.  He was professional and always called me sir.  Great service and respect like this is extremely hard to find.  He fixed our unit in 15 minutes.  He knew exactly what was wrong and changed a part out.  He treated me like I was his only customer.  Answered all of my questions and concerns.  He also gave me some great information in regards to preventative maintenance.  Our repair was very fair and lower than expected.  I look forward to doing business again.  I'm surprised there aren't more reviews on this great company.
What can I say?  This is my third review on one of these studios.\n\nLagree Fitness\/SPX\/Pilates Plus (whatever you want to call it) is my obsession and I always go on the website  when I visit a city to see if it has a studio.  Needless to say, not only was there a new studio in Toronto, but it also had my old favorite instructor from New York ~~ LA Russell!!!!!\n\nThis workout kicks my A$$ every single time.  I've been taking classes in NYC for almost two years and I can't say enough!  Heart pounding - muscle quivering - earth shaking....you name it.  My body continues to change.  I have been a complete addict and tend to go 4 or 5 times a week when I am home.  I've never had the same class twice, I've never not wanted to throw up half way in the middle and most of all I could never ever get enough.\n\nEvery time I visit a new city, I always check to see if they have a new studio.  Much to my delight, I found out about Studio Lagree in Forest Hill.   This is the most beautiful Lagree Fitness studio I have ever been to.  Most of the studios are a little plain, but this one is full of beautiful light and these AHHHHMAZING new machines.  These machines are a little different than the ones in NY and really different than the ones in LA, but the work out keeps getting better.\n\nWhich brings me to the instructor.  LA used to be in NYC and needless to say, she quickly became my favorite, mostly because she never tolerated those times when I wanted to quit and always pushed me (in a loving "I want you to be better than you think you can be") in a way that kept me coming back.  Her classes were always by far the hardest but simply the best and then she disappeared.  I nearly fell off my chair when I read the schedule and it said "LA Russell", I was sooooo excited!   She clearly hasn't lost her touch.  My class was completely full of newbies but that didn't stop the work out from being amazing.  At first I thought "Oh NO", this class will suck because everyone here has no clue what they are in for.    Lets just say, this girl really has a knack (I wish she was back in NY).  She encouraged each and every one of us and gave me one of the best workouts I have ever done. (nothing compares to the hardcore classes she taught back home).  This studio had a unique feature in that there was another instructor (someone said he was her husband...or boyfriend...or business partner...or all three) helping everyone with form.  This is what really set the class apart from the others I have taken, not only was it comforting, but it kept the class moving quickly.\n\nAs for the other review...."Emma C" must have been smoking something.  What new business gives away "free unlimited access to classes" when they first open? You really can't put a price on this amazing workout.  I actually think that for what you get (two instructors for 11 people) its extremely under priced.  ESPECIALLY because your FIRST CLASS IS FREE!!!  \n\nParking is a little tricky, "the village" is very busy and although there was a parking lot close by and a lot of street parking, I still spent at least  an extra 10-15 minutes looking for a place to park every time I went.\n\nRUN don't WALK to get the best work out of your life!!!!
My wife and I went to Rania's for the first time tonight and we both really liked it.  We went at 5pm and were seated immediately. We had the cilantro and jalapeño hummus with naan bread for an appetizer, it had a little bit of a twang, not too hot, and very tasty.  For our entree we both ordered the beef and chicken kabob combo plate with basmati rice.  The meat had great seasoning, was cooked perfectly and the basmati rice was also very good. We go to Pita Jungle often and both agreed we liked the hummus and kabobs better at Rania's.  The portions were large so we took leftovers home and of course it didn't last long when the kids found it in the fridge. They have a good size menu and we are looking forward to going back and trying something different on the menu.
I cannot say enough about Emotions of Light Portraiture. Their pictures are more then just a photo they are pieces of art.  They are professional in their work and techniques. I get compliments on our "art" hanging on our walls all the time.  The family photos are unique and I am happy that I have memories of my family captured. \n\nIn addition, to the quality of work they are so friendly and you never feel like a number as you do in some studios. Trust me....she is worth every dime!!! NO studio could ever accomplish what she can do! I highly recommend this studio to everyone I know.
My husband and I had dinner at this restaurant recently. To say it was disappointing would be an understatement. We started off with the California salad (I believe that was the name) which had no taste. Maybe they forgot the dressing. I had the petite filet and my husband had a filet. We ordered it to be done medium. The entire steak was burnt on the outside and pretty dry on the inside. For a side we had a baked yam. That was literally what was served. A huge plain baked yam on a plate for us to split ourselves. There were some items that we could add to it on the side of the plate. On a positive note they did have my favorite wine and my husband's favorite craft beer. The staff was friendly and polite. With saying that, I think our waitress as fairly new. It is unfortunate that we had such a poor experience. If it was better, and if we felt it was worth the money, we would have returned again this week.
Pancakes, scrambled eggs, and hash browns were all good. Mac N Cheese bites were pretty good. The mozzarella sticks were okayish. My husband liked the onion rings and the waffle fries were also okayish. Alfredo pasta was like a 3\/5. I think this place is good for breakfast and sides. The food was fresh both times we ordered, which is why I added a fourth star.
Mike and Carl were very courteous and helpful when talking about setting us up with a security system. I had talked with Carl a couple of weeks ago, but forgot to peruse it any further. We didn't feel like they were pushy at all either of the times. We felt comfortable knowing they are a local company who we could contact at any time if we had a concern. We will be getting our system installed tomorrow and will do an updated review after that :)
Having lived in the Middle East for 10 years has set the bar pretty high for shawarmas. However, I don't knock it until I try it.. so based on a recommendation, I tried the shawarma from Mr. Zagros.\n\nDisclaimer: I was STARVING prior to eating the shawarma so it could have been made with dirt and car parts and I would've still thought it was amazing.\n\nI asked what the difference was between the wrap and pita and employee told me its the same thing with the difference only being in size. I opted for 2 small shawarmas (one for my brother and one for me). \n\nI liked that they mix all the veggies, sauces and chicken in a bowl prior to putting it in the bread because it evenly distributes all the ingredients. \n\nThe bread however.. the bread!! When I took a bite of the shawarma I was blinded by hunger so didn't notice it at first but the bread was so thick and dry. I could hardly taste the (copious) amount of filling because the bread was overwhelmingly dry and thick. After a long day at the beach, I just wanted something yummy but I couldn't finish the shawarma after the first few bites. I think it would've been slightly better if they grilled the shawarma- it was cold and dry. \n\nBased on the other reviews, I see that they have a homemade bread which I am guessing is much better than the pita. I wish the employee had told me before so I could've gone for that instead.
Brunch at Mingo today was simply outstanding ..dining on the patio in this incredible weather couldn't have been more perfect...  the tacos with chorizo were to die for .. The Cuban sandwich was perfect and the burger topped with bacon and an egg, served with a side of Rosemary fries  !! Yum yum yum !! Hurry up Sunday and come back around so we can do it again !!
Preface:  My puppy went to puppy play at this location and it was a perfectly clean facility and the staff was nice enough.  \n\nFast forward 8 months.  I work out an afternoon to come down and have him evaluated for day care.  Multiple reschedules (my fault, not theirs).  We show up, get to the second question and I tell her that he has growled at the water bowl 3 or 4 times with other dogs.  She said sorry try a smaller day care we can't watch your dog all day we have 40 dogs here.  Wait, isn't that the point of daycare - to watch my dog?  This could have been handled over the phone.\n\nLeaving two stars for business process of qualifying dogs.  I'm sure they do a great job with the 40 dogs.\n\nTLDR; Upset by qualification process, wasted my entire afternoon and broke my pups heart that he was in the threshold of his childhood playground and turned away.
This place is awesome. So many things to look at, see, make you laugh. Tons of great gifts\/ideas. We spent a long time perusing through the stores many items...we especially liked the books and magnets. We wanted to buy everything. We did not, however, because the prices were a bit much. Happy to learn they have an online store and ship "anywhere".
I cannot stand Cleveland.  It is one of the bleakest, most depressing places I have ever been to.  But this place is probably my favorite bar ever!!!!!\n\nI was brought here by friends that I was visiting during a road trip and I was suprised on how good it was.
Very unhappy, no star for uhaul. But give just a star for cleanliness. waited too long even though there was not a line. The worst part is that they specifically said to put in the same amount of gas when returning the truck, we did that, but the guy who helped us check out was very rude and told us that the gas was not enough and had to put in $17 more. So we had to drive back out\nadding miles and that $17 made their truck a full tanked gas which was more than it was when we got it. Such a ripped off.
It is now called BJ Buffet, and it's under "new" new ownership.  The advertised price is now $6.99 all day, every day.\n\nThis place has really gone downhill fast.  The food quality is lacking and the food has gotten "cheaper".  There used to be things like teriyaki chicken on a stick, orange chicken, shrimp, and other staples.    But now those items are gone, and there is actually sliced tomatoes and hard boiled eggs available.  The service has gone down also.  You have to ask for things like refills now.  \n\nI am giving it two stars because the food is edible.  It still has Mongolian BBQ, but even there are only few vegetables available now.  I was with a large party if people and none of us expect to be back.
We started going here because of the great price of the oil change. However, we went back because our breaks had been squeaking. They had fine customer service, but soon after our breaks were squeaking again. We took it back and they replaced the pads. A few weeks later, squeaking again, we took it back and they replaced the pads. This was becoming very inconvenient as my husband and I both work full time and we have 3 small children, we can't be coming to sit for hours every few weeks-months to get something looked at that was supposedly fixed already. The last time we went there they said they were going to put in the best break pads, so we waited a few days for them to order them and them to come in. Our breaks are squeaking just a short time later, we had another mechanic look at it and they said that first of all, they only changed 2 of them--not 4 like they had said. He also said they definitely did not put the best, it was just the regular ones and that's probably why it kept squeaking as we have a large SUV. For charging 600+ I would've assumed that this establishment would've taken care of it the first time, if not the 2nd or 3rd time when realizing what they were putting in wasn't standing up. They obviously don't have a high standard of ethics here.
Wow this place is really good! I don't understand some of the bad reviews unless they were early on when they opened. The staff\/gauchos are super friendly. Want more or looking for certain meat just ask. My sister LOVED the grilled pineapple. I HIGHLY recommend. Better and cheaper than Texas De Brazil!
This has to be one of my new favorite places!  With outdoor seating it makes for a great hangout after work.  I plan to be a regular!  The flatbreads are great and the wind and beers on tap are delightful.  I highly recommend!
Ok so there Prices have gone through the roof!\nWe had 2 orders fajitas beef an chicken  2 sodas....That's all bill was $40.00 left $6.00 tip,service was good....Alot of onions not alot of meat ....plate didn't even sizzle when brought to table...Was not $40.00 dollar good...epically at lunch time
AHH BEST DONUTS EVER!!!!!!!! Bosa is amazing, and anything you get there is fabulous. They have a drive through too!! It's awesome. Nothing bad to say about em!!!
Environment:\nKing Edward's Arms is a UK style pub located in a rather Asian neighbourhood. Located around the Hwy7\/Warden, it is kinda hard to locate this place if you didn't check GPS beforehand. There are plenty of free parking at the plaza, especially directly in front of the pub.\nThe pub in itself is rather small, but it has a lot of character that resembles British pubs. There are lots of TVs on the wall, which is great for people wanting to grab a drink while watching the games. But since the space is limited, it is ideal to go in a smaller group of 4 of less, though I did see families coming here for dinner as well. \n\nFood:\nI ordered a king size wings with honey garlic sauce and fries on the side, and it was better than many places I've tried. First of all, the portion was huge, which I had to pack some home. The flavour was pretty good as well. Usually I don't like too much sauce because it becomes too overpowering, and this place has the right amount of sauce drizzled on the wings. There were a lot of sauce at the bottom of the basket if you like a fuller flavour. The wings were fried to perfect crispiness. Be careful when you take a bite as they make it fresh and it's still very hot when they serve it to you.   \n\nService:\nService was meh and food was kind of slow. From what I see, there was only one waitress serving all the tables and the bar. Don't expect the waitress to come check up on how you're doing, as it was already difficult to track her down because she has to serve everyone there. There was probably only one chef at the back as well, considering it took around 20mins for our wings to come.
Outstanding thin-crust pizza and great variety on the toppings, wonderful salads, tons of TVs for  keeping up on the sporting events of the day, a really nice bar, great service, tons of games (Skee-ball, air hockey, crane games, mini-bowling, etc.), lots of quality pool tables and an incredibly nice staff.
The Rip Off at 56 North Apartment Residences, A Greystar Community.\n\nHave you ever paid 3 times the worth of a product, to only receive a used replacement? \n\nThat's what happened to me at 56 North Apartment Residences. I paid $100 for a less than $25 garage door opener to be replaced a programmed.\n\nMy garage door opener was broken and stopped sending power to the logic board (circuit board) leaving me without access to my garage and the belongings inside. \n\nNote: The housing on the remote was damaged, but that did not cause the circuit board to stop working with the battery.\n\nI went to the office and requested that my garage be opened, and I was told "you just can't park in your garage until you pay for a new gate\/garage opener" by Sylvia Loss the Community Manager. She continued with "they can open the garage and close it immediately afterwards."  As I requested it be opened for me to access my property. \n\n56 North, quoted me $100 for a replacement opener. I then checked online for the same opener and found it at a hardware store, including Walmart, ranging from $18-$25 depending on the delivery option.  I relayed this information to the office staff asking if I bought one could they program it, and I was told, no, I had to pay $100 for a replacement. \n\nLeft with no other option, I went out to grab a money order for my replacement opener. I returned and submitted my request. I then get a message about 2 hours later saying my replacement opener was ready. I arrived and I received a used opener, which I could have had new for about $75 less.\n\nIn closing, this is not a review against the office or maintenance staff as I can not confirm they create the policy or prices. \n\nI am expressing my disappointment with the cost and corporate bullying at play. If you live in 56 North Apartment Residences and lose or damage your garage\/gate opener. Have $100 dollars on standby to access at will, what is already included in your rent, your garage.\n\nI can't imagine maintenance being paid $50\/hr. In addition,  it should take no longer than 15 minutes to reprogram a gate\/garage remote control.\n\nI don't see the logic in the price, but hey it's in the lease agreement. In the images you can see my "new" used remote I just paid $100 for and a screenshot of the actual cost of the hardware (remote itself). Just to add, if you buy them in bulk, you can get 3 for $16.\n\nI do like this place and have had my share of experiences, but this one really threw me for a loop.
I've eaten dinner here a couple times.\n\nFor the most part, the food is good, and they have been consistent.  One item I like about their menu is the "Indo-Chinese" section.  I think this is something unique that reflects the regional differences that often get glossed over in Indian cuisine.\n\nThe food is flavorful, and service is fast.\n\nMy two complaints:\n1) something always seems to get miscommunicated to the kitchen regarding the spiciness of the dish.  Not too hot--_too mild_!  This has been verified when I look at my cheque--they list the spiciness requested next to the dish.\n\n2)  While quick to refill water, if you order any other beverage, it gets forgotten.  My soda\/tea glass is empty, and I eventually have to ask the waiter for a refill.  In terms of service, this is a big issue for me, personally.\n\nBottom line:  good food, pretty good service.  I hope to one day be in Charlotte to try the lunch buffet other reviewers have raved about.\n\nOne last item, this place is in a _tiny_ shopping area with a _tiny_ parking lot, so be forewarned.
This is the Best mattress I have ever owned, no pun intended. The people in the store really know their stuff, it was delivered the same day, and the price was what I expected to pay. The only problem I have with this mattress, is that I do not want to get out of it! And in the afternoon when I get home from work, I say to myself that it must be 11 o'clock at night somewhere! You know, people who want to drink, will say that it's 5 o'clock somewhere in the world, and I say the same thing about wanting to get into my bed because it is so comfortable. I have used Best Mattress for 15 years and I would never go anywhere else.
While my mom was in town, we treated ourselves to a little froyo and while we were walking around we realized how fugly our toes looked. We both declared that we were overdue for a pedicure. \n\nGood thing Nails & Spa on Selwyn is just a short jaunt from Yoforia! Mom and I rolled in there on a Saturday afternoon, without an appointment, and went with the deluxe pedicure. For $30, this sweet pedi includes with paraffin treatment, an exfoliator, masque, hot towel treatment, and of course, the polish of your choosing. BTW - the difference between the basic pedi and the upgraded "deluxe" was only $4 per person. Totally worth it. \n\nThe staff there were friendly, but quiet - which I didn't really mind as I was there chatting with my mama. It also states on their website and in the shop that they offer complimentary refreshments with every service. We weren't offered a refreshment, which is not a huge deal but I probably would have enjoyed a bottle of water if available. We chose our polishes (they have a large variety of OPI & Essie) and were directed to the massage chairs seated above the pedicure basins. Before the nail tech even started, I was supremely enjoying the massage chair. Who doesn't love a massage chair? \n\nThe deluxe pedicure itself was very nice. The tech was very thorough and I loved the extra goodies that came with the deluxe package. The paraffin treatment was probably my favorite. As for the finished product, my feet and toes felt super soft and looked perfectly polished. I took a brief view at their spa menu and it looks like they offer other services like waxing and facials, too. \n\nAs an FYI - they only accept cash or checks here, and they do have an ATM inside the nail salon. They have a prominent sign on the door advising of this to all of us who never carry cash. That would be me. \n\nSince my pedicure is still holding strong, one week later, and this nail salon uses a new buffer and file every time (which they give to you afterwards), my toes may walk over here again for another deluxe pedicure in the near future.
Absolutely amazing company. I got my pool net it was installed very professionally. Did my pound net as well which is not easy, but they made it happened. Also very reasonable.
Ellen was very helpful. Nice store. They have a nice selection of gifts and cards. The staff was super nice and the location is convenient
Service was good and the food was good (not excellent, but good).  Ambiance wasn't quite as romantic as I'd hoped from looking at it online, but once they dimmed the lighting, it was better.  I'd thought that there was a small section that was next to the canal where you could watch the gondolas, but there is not; it's all in the middle of St. Mark's Square, so not super intimate (we never went inside). They were very thoughtful to bring a birthday tiramisu. Overall, we'd recommend it, and for Venetian restaurants, it's one of the better value places.
I got one of my best haircuts of my life at ETCH! I highly recommend. They seem to only employ very high-end beauticians, and I appreciate that level of service. They also offer free bang trims once you've had your hair cut there before.
With kind of a whimsical tavern atmosphere, this restaurant did not disappoint in the fun department.    The menu selections were good, especially for sandwich lovers.  I had a salad with pulled chicken and a great big avocado on top.  Avocados seem to be their thing as so many menu items included them.   What's up with the avocado?   Fun bar area.  Warm wood finishes and a very open and pleasant atmosphere.  My pet peeves include music that is too loud and tea that is too expensive.   They could have had the music just a notch down and it would have made for a better place to converse.   Likewise, charging $3.00 for a glass of tea seems steepingly steep.   All in all, it was a fun experience on East Blvd. I will remember the fun and the avocado.
Grunt....groan...grunt...grrrrrooooaaaannnn.\nOnly two things make those sounds - me when I get out of bed in the morning and the brakes on my wife's car.\n\nFor no reason other than it was convenient we brought it into this Brake Masters location.  The guy at the desk was very polite and professional.  He said it would take 15 or 20 minutes to get the car on a lift and see what was going on.\n\nHe called 10 minutes later and, as expected, said the car needed new front discs (65,000 miles on the original brakes is pretty good).  He quoted a price and said it would be done in about an hour. One hour later - on our way home.\n\nGreat customer service, really good price and we didn't waste the whole day getting it repaired.
buffets are buffets .. and lines are lines ... wheeeew hooow .. this was a line.  Get in line before you think you gonna be hungry
Dr Dan is great at helping to keep my family healthy we go for regular adjustements and he has helped my son with his alergies.  He knows his stuff and has a true adjustment table not just a message table. I like that i can get in same day if i tweak my back at work i call and he will be that waiting for me to make it through traffic to get there on my way home.\n\na great guy who does a great job
I don't recommend many things to people unless it is exceptional. I just got my truck repaired at this little family owned repair shop that just blew me away with their honesty. I ran over something on the freeway and damaged a exhaust bracket. I knew this was not a real big deal to fix but living in an apartment makes even simple repairs difficult. I expected to pay between 60.00 and 100.00. I headed to Midas to get this fixed but it had been closed down for a couple years. Right across the street was this place. They fixed my truck and handed me back my keys and said thanks for giving us a try. If you need your vehicle fixed give this place a shot. They are in Mesa at Alma School and Guadalupe. faithworksauto.com
Delicious! Well kept, clean, and cozy interior. Great patio for outdoor dining. Make sure to sneak a couple chocolate chip cookies dusted with sea salt on the way out (they keep them up by the hostess stand).  Their short rib tacos are scrum-diddly-umptious. Their french dip is massive and super juicy and tender. Great place for a family meal.
Went from black partial dye hair and virgin natural black hair to wanting to lighten up for the summer.  My hair is a bit past below my breasts.  Decided on all over beige \/ blonde highlights highlights for past 3 months, so I am exactly sure that, that is what I want. Comparable result would would be the hair color(s) of Jenifer Lopez.  \n\nSaturday appt at 2pm - left at 1030pm (shop closed at 7pm) with orange glow roots and yellow banana "highlights"  - oh and the best part is the hair from say..from my nose down, the dye black part was darker orange than the virgin hair from nose to roots.  Expected yes, impossible to correct, no.  Corrected?  *sigh* Its BS, I'm still pissed and now I need to look at another salon to see what they can do after my hair has had time to mend and heal from those (mind as well be 2 days) of foil bleach.\n\nIn detail. . . \n\ntried to reason with the girl to see what and where we go from here into achieving what I wanted, and to also make sure what she didn't understand, is now understood.  All she could pretty much say was my bottom part hair didnt take the color\/bleach as well as the top part of my hair had taken it,  as she suspected ( yes, she is experienced and knew what she was doing, but did it anyway), and then she said "well...all we can do is put more, (yes more) toner in, and see how well your hair will take it."  I can be reasonable yes, but I don't agree to orangeglow\/banana yellow.  Seriously, did she expect me to say, "ok, yeah lets see what happens if add more stuff and I'm comfortable with not having any idea of what the end result will be, yes let's do that."\n\nI was pissed as f*ck, but remained calm, reasonable, and persistent.  Girl called Ethan the owner to come back in to reason.  Agreed to some free hair treatment, 30% discount off next visit to fix it.  Silly me, I should of known better.  Went back in the very next weekend, said I wound out in less than 2 hrs, was there from 11 to 330pm.  \n\nThe agenda was explicit conveyed blending of the top and bottom half together, most importantly the sunkist orangy glow and banana yellow was to diminish.  Overall result, top half is great, just what I wanted.  Bottom half still tinted orange noticeably darker still.  Now I have to seek out another stylist to at least blended, evenly would be desired, but blend is very reasonable with me.  Grand total $325.
Richtig lässiger Club auf der Theo-Heuss. Der Club bietet viele Altenativen, da er drei floors anbietet. Einen Black-floor, einen House-floor und einen Chill-out-floor. Meine Erafhrung ist aber, dass es empfehlenswert ist mit vielen Frauen anzutanzen, weil das den Einlass erheblich vereinfacht.
Really, we weren't expecting something akin to the Venetian.  The price was crazy low (around $200 total) for a King bed room connected to a Pool table suite for two nights.\n\nWe weren't super impressed because although it's obivous they tried to give the place a face life, it just had that motel feel. It's clean, though! The carpet is that really thin berber, the paint is uneven in spots. One of the bathtubs had a weird bump in the middle. There's no refrigerator, no microwave, no coffee maker and apparently only two irons in the whole hotel! The fact that we had to use out hotel room key in order to work the elevator was slightly annoying. (I got stuck downstairs one drunken night and had to have the front desk call my room for me)\n\nOK, ok, ok - BUT you get what you paid for!! It was hecka cheap and the people that work there were super nice, including the valet men in the front.  The beds were comfy and they do have the best showerheads I've ever seen! They're square and big - i wanted one to bring home!  The pool table was a little marked up but oh well...\n\nThe food is actually better than decent and when you have two connecting rooms, it's a crazy amount of room with a looooooong hallway.\n\nOverall, good experience. We had a lot of people staying in the hotel in different rooms, on different floors. We got a few visit from Security which was again, slightly annoying, but we were loud, drunk and in Vegas - so understandable.\n\nIf you're on a budget, then I'd recommend it. I prefer to stay on the strip but if I took a spontaneous trip to Vegas with very little money, I'd probably end up here.
This was my second time here.  The first time was over 2 yrs ago.\n\nFriendly staff, Good prices for their breakfast specials - I had scrambled eggs with (3)bacon and potatoes and toast - which was priced under $7.\n\nStrange that coffee refill is (81 cents as i recall)\n\nI gave this breakfast experience 2.5 stars because i suggested having breakfast here to my sister whom was visiting from Ottawa.  Everything was good, up to paying for the food - Its cash only !! So i had to borrow $$ from my sister.  Then when we sat down, there was 6 of us, we waited.... and waited... and waited.. I know that restaurants like to bring the table all the meals at once, but we didnt order anything out of the ordinary.. We ordered the french toast special and the eggs\/bacon special.  I believe it took..over 25 mins. And my sister pointed out that people that came after us were getting their food first.\n\nBacon was salty and you can see the grease on it. Everything else was fine.\n\nTable was a bit sticky.\n\nI think the wait time killed this experience. Go as a couple!!\n\nLet's see what happens next time. :)
This is a completely standard double tree hotel.  Beds were clean, comfortable and you can expect a standardized guest experience.  I would book again.\n\nThe reason this review is a 4-star rather than a 3-star is that the staff is friendly and accommodating.  I walked back to the hotel on the second night of my trip and got caught in a snow storm.  When I arrived in the lobby, the staff laughed, and welcomed me back by offering warm cookies for free.  These were the third and fourth cookies of my visit, and the hosts attitude was a nice way to be greeted in a new city.  Thanks!
This is a new wine, beer, and spirits store in the valley, though they have over fifty stores throughout the nation!  \n\nThe wines are categorized by region, type, and in price.  The store even has a section where the store rep's have selected the highest rated wines for your consideration.  Each wine is well represented with a label in front of them explaining the type of wine, character and quality of the wine you are viewing.  When there is a rating given on the label, who rated the wine is also given..ie: Wine Enthusiast, Parker, etc.,,,\n\n  There are wine tastings for which you should call to get the details as to when.\n\n  This store also sells hard liquor, cigars, and beer of incredible variety!  It should not disappoint!  I was impressed with the selections of everything they carried.  It is like a Costco of booze!---lol  \n\n  Pricings on wines range from inexpensive to "Where's your checkbook?!"  I saw a bottle of KRUG Champagne for $998.00 yet there were champagnes for as little as $7.00....bring your aspirin!\n\n  All in all, this place rocks!------AAA+++!!!----Salute!  and  Cheers!
Best chicken in montreal hands down, I don't live in Montreal anymore but whenever I'm back in town I always find time for a meal here, the handcut fries, coleslaw, chicken, everything here is to die for
I have been on a falafel kick and on the quest to find the tastiest ones around town. This is a serious contender. \n\nI love that it's a stuffed pocket and not just folded up like a taco and the bread is fresh made. This was how shawarma places I frequented as a kid did it. It's also awesome how you can pick your toppings! I like that they give you a bottle of tahini for the table since I loveeee tahini and pepper paste. \n\nThe falafel itself was crispy, but still fluffy inside and had good flavor. We are coming back for this for sure. We also tried a shawarma and this was good, but it's not quite the shawarma I'm looking for. Good spices, but the meat didn't come from a spit, but pan. \n\nWe also grabbed some pastries. Two baklava, a flowery "macaroon" of sorts, a date cookie. The baklava is money. It was syrupy in a good way. When you bite in it's moist with syrup, but it's not overly sweet. Definitely will be getting. The other two were just okay, I don't think I'd get again. \n\nPrices were reasonable. Two sandwiches (I think they were $6.50 each), two drinks, 4 pastries was $26. \n\nConclusion- Falaf'n tasty! Bak-lovin'! Though there was a few okay items we ordered, those two items were some good eats. We will be back!
I wish I understood why this store isn't living up to its potential. All the ingredients are there but the employees just can't or won't execute. I went for supper tonight and got the pulled pork sandwich with fries. It took considerably longer than normal to get the food, especially considering there were only a couple other customers. When the young lady delivered the food I should have told her to take it back because the fries were so overcooked (see pic). After about 10 minutes, I just decided to call her over and she kind of nodded like she knew and was agreeing with me. Well, what bugs me is the cook thought it was ok to send them out that way, as did she when she delivered them. So anyway she took them back and replaced them, and they were only marginally better (see pic). A gentleman brought me a coupon for a free side, but by then the damage was done. I have no desire to return until it's Calabash Seafood time.
I cannot speak highly enough about High Park Cat Sitting!\n\nOn the initial visit both the owner (Brenda) and the "sitter" (Lauren) came to meet my little Bowie.  I'll admit I was feeling a bit uneasy having to leave a young cat with a relative stranger for a week. They were very professional and thorough when learning about Bowie's routine.\n\nI went on vacation for one week, and about midweek I received an email from Lauren letting me know how my cat was doing and she also sent update photos! Correspondence was quick, payment was easy. Everything went smoothly! \n\nBowie was in great hands! My mind was at ease knowing that Bowie was being cared for by someone that genuinely loves animals.\n\nYou can definitely trust them to care for your fur babies!
Went at open and smelled like food was being prepped :) Ordered peanut butter pancakes and they were Gluten free also. They 2 pancakes like a big plate size , could only finish 1 and half . Bud got pot pie, the hash brown was moist and creamy .
Stayed here one night extending our trip. The check in is a joke looking more like a Disneyland attraction line zig-zagging back and forth. It took over 30 minutes to check in on a Monday afternoon! \n\nThe room (floor 31 of 32) was so so and at $66 on Monday + the hidden $20 "resort fee" and taxes put the room at almost $100, did I mention it was on Monday? \n\nWe went to the Pub & Keg room and waited for a few to be seated at about 9pm, Monday night. After sitting at a table for 20 minutes with no waiter or waitress even giving us water, we walked out. As I left, I handed the matradee my menu and told her no thanks. She didn't even bat an eye or offer any attempt to retain our business- sad. \n\nFor our money, I'd rather go back to the Golden Nuggett Rush Tower downtown. If you haven't checked that out, do yourself a favor and take a look.
I've eaten at Culinary Dropout enough times that I've probably tried half the items on the menu. It's a great place to enjoy a "hip" evening on the town. The outdoor seating is especially nice and they have heat lamps for when it gets a little cold out. The pretzel fondue appetizer was a crowd pleaser. The meatloaf, butternut squash cannelloni, and chicken curry are standouts on the entree menu. The best aspect of this place, though, is the amazing service. The staff is incredibly friendly and attentive.
Hidden Gem in Mesa! I found out about this place from my classmate. What caught me off guard was that this was the first time I had to pay for parking for any hike in Az. 1 car is about $6. Although, when I do think about it, I was saving money on gas since this hike was local and I didn't have to drive an hour for a hike. The informational desk will give you a map and description of all the hikes. Its close and convenient. Great area to hike, cap, ride bikes, horses or camp in Mesa, Az!
This is a pretty average stadium and actually rather small compared to all the stadiums in the US. Food options were as varied as it is in Chicago but without the culinary big players. It seems smaller than the staples center and with less promotional stalls before the game. Overall, it serves its purpose with nothing to really take home.
My first visit to see him and I was pleasantly surprised.  He is young, energetic and shows a real concern for my overall health.  He has all the new knowledge about procedures and tests and doesn't waste your time by trying to have you go through a bunch of unnecessary items. Has a really good personality and a sense of humor.  If you are looking for Marcus Welby then he is not your physician!
LOVED it!\n\nI've seen it for years on Yonge Street heading downtown and always wondered about it. But because its in the middle of Eglinton and Davisville on Yonge its not exactly somewhere I would find myself going out to dinner. However, when I was planning a Summerlicious dinner out with friends who only ate halal meat I thought this would be the perfect time to try this Middle Eastern restaurant.\n\nThe PLUSES\n\n1. Food:\n- great big portions (even for the Summerlicious menu)\n- for Summerlicious specifically - a great selection on the menu\n- excellent meals from appetizers, entrees to dessert\n\n2. Entertainment value\n- The water-pouring performance - it's a show! We found ourselves stopping our conversations watching the water being poured and just because of that if nothing else one can be assured that you'll walk out of there hydrated! \n- There is a belly dancer but we didn't see her when we were there\n\n3. Patio\n- great patio - its not on the most crowded part of yonge street and it has a good amount of space \n\n4. Service\n- It's not exceptional by any means but the staff is friendly.\n- We did have to wait to be served - they did forget about us initially when we were seated on the patio and there was a confusion of who our server was: there was the greeter at the front door, the hostess who walked you to your seat, the water performer were all warm up acts leading to the server who was around 20 minutes late\n\n5. Halal\n- its was so great to find a nice looking place at a great locations that served halal food. But be aware that only their meat is halal and not the chicken. It doesn't make sense to me but that's what they say!\n\nAppetizers: I had the grilled eggplant which was tossed in lemon - delic! And the rest of table had the sampler plate with a great tabule (not over done with parsley), mini falafels and baba ganoush or hummus - I can't remember. The platter was great as well.\n\nEntrees: We ordered the lamb dishes which were phenomenal. I am not a red meat eater but have been told I need to add it to my diet. So I decided to make this meal my first go at lamb and I think may just be a convert now. The aromas in the dish and the flavours in the gravy were divine. Each entrée comes with rice and grilled vegetables which are really great as well.\n\nDessert: the orange\/ raspberry sherbet ice cream was the best I have ever had!! It was incredible - so glad I picked this over the baklava plate. I had never tasted anything like it! \n\nHave been there once again since Summerlicious and would love to back!
Holy Crap, this place is great!  Amazing deals.  I found this a great place to pass time in Vegas so that you don't spend all of your money.\n\n$3 1\/4 lb all beef hot dog with a bottle of beer...NICE!\n\nQuarter video poker at the bar...NICE!  I am a fan of quarter games in Vegas.\n\n$4 shot of Patron, hell yeah!\n\nOnly reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because it's not what you come to Vegas for but it sure does supplement the experience!
The BEST cold noodles I have had so far.  Seriously.\n\nFavorite Orders\n1) The Slushy Broth Cold Noodles with Fried Dumplings--you will fall I love.\n2) Steamed Kimchi & Pork--something we ALWAYS order every time we are there.\n\n\nTips\n==========\nFor first timers, YOU NEED TO GET A NUMBER at the cashier desk.  Its all the way at the back, and usually the boss is standing at the cash register.  Once you get the number, listen for them as they will call it out.\n\nIn the summer when there are HUGE line-ups outside, the staff usually call the number inside and then if no one answers they usually come outside to check as well.  BUT if you want to be on the safe side, have someone stand inside to listen for your table number.\n\n\nTake out\n==========\nThe take out menu is limited, and different from the main menu--just an fyi.
Dr Grossman is wonderful. He does it all, including his own blood draws. He's the one who you deal with when you're there and it's very personable.
I'm happy Thai food is available in this area of Ohio. The green curry sauce was delicious and the staff are friendly! The green beans, carrots and peas in the curry dish looked like they were just thawed and heated from a bag of frozen veggies. I prefer fresh vegetables in my curry dishes. The tofu was delicious. Chili oil can be requested on the side. Chopsticks did not appear to be an option here.
I hope they fixed their wings since the last time I was there; it was unseasoned, un-sauced, small pieces of un-breaded fried chicken. \n\nAs for the club sandwich, it was basic ham & turkey with undercooked bacon on un-toasted bread, served with American Cheese, which don't even get me started on American Cheese..... \n\nNotice how everything was "under-done"....That's why you get a bad review, because you're lazy about preparation. Try toasting the bread, saucing the wings, having varieties of sauces, create your own sauce, pepper the bacon, etc. \n\nIts a tough business, if you cut corners, your food will suck and you'll get called out. \n\nHaving a bar isn't just about having good beer.\n\n***EDIT: \n\nOkay, Okay....I bumped my review up to 2 stars, because---yes, the beer was tasty and cold, and service was pretty good....\n\nMaybe I might try it again, but the scrutiny that I've gotten from management regarding this review has been unreal, so probably not.
Yume Sushi Grill is a great spot! All of the sushi is very fresh, and they pride themselves in having great quality. The sushi chefs are knowledgeable in their craft, and also extremely friendly to have a chat with. They serve free salad and miso soup, and the serving staff is friendly, helpful, and attentive.\n\nThe Korean dishes are pretty authentic, and the home made kimchi is great! I recommend the bulgogi, bi bim bab, and spicy pork for meals. Lunch time is the best time to go, as their lunch specials are amazingly priced for the amount of food that you receive. \n\nThe one complaint that I have is that they don't stock a few of my favorite kinds of sushi (although I know they aren't the most popular) mackerel, quail eggs, and surf clam won't be found on the menu.
The "grumpy old guy" that owns this place will cut ANY key you bring him.   I had a couple keys that 3 other businesses wouldn't touch because of their rare size & shape. I left here with perfectly working duplicates. Thanks!
This place is fantastic. I've never had an oven baked pancake before and it was awesome. I've also had omelette here and the are fresh and delicious. We've  been about back about five times since discovering JP Pancake and we've even taken out-of-towners here for breakfast as well and they loved it too.  It's not the same breakfast you'll find at typical breakfast houses. I don't get the bad reviews I guess they can all go back to Denny's or IHOP.  The art on the wall is sort of creepy though.
One thing I can say about this place is you will always get good service and very good food. No matter what you order all of it is good. Now this is no up scale place its old and has a lot of history. But if you are looking for a good meal and an honest price this is it. REAL food made not frozen and per-packaged and heated up in the so called kitchen. REAL food that tastes good.
Great service & yummy food. Enjoyed watching the game while there. Fun atmosphere!
I think this has now become a place for my SO and I to snag breakfast in Vegas.  We initially found it because we walked over when staying at the Palms, and it's not a far drive from the strip.  They have a big selection here.  I keep coming back to the various chicken and waffles options that they have.  If you're in Vegas and don't want to wait for breakfast on the strip, definitely check this place out.
This was not good sushi. The tempura was very soggy, just over battered, oily and soggy. Gross. I really didn't enjoy not one item I ordered. They work with Postmates so I had it delivered. It didn't pay to be lazy, I woke up with a stomach ache and everything :( no Bueno
I must have passed by this place a hundred times in my life but never been.  Finally stopped by for lunch on a weekday.\n\nDecor is average.  I've seen non-authentic sushi places that tried harder.  Not that it really matters.  They have booths that are a chore to get in and out of.\n\nSushi was excellent, which is really what mattered.  Fish was fresh.  They have a few lunch specials in the $20-25 range, including non-sushi based items.  The chicken\/egg on rice with the egg custard on the side is a great choice and filling.  I also had the sushi pizza.  Hands down the best sushi pizza I've had!\n\nI think Nami is in a relatively tough spot given that the choice for authentic Japanese restaurants has steadily increased in the past 5 years.  They keep it interesting by offering other Japanese options.
Great place for cheap homestyle breakfast! It is a bit rundown but makes if feel more homey I think.
One of my favourite places on the East side for drinks and a charcuterie plate.  When they are fully in stock, the selection is pretty great.  3 cheeses, 2 meats and 3 house made pickles for $22.  Portions aren't necessarily generous, but they are delicious.  As well, the servers are gracious and more than willing to help you find the perfect wine pairing - even allowing you to taste a couple before making your final decision.  And Sapporo is one of your favourite beers, then you're in luck as they have it on tap.\n\nPros: tasty food, great wine, nice atmosphere, a table by the windows lends itself to great people watching, wonderful staff.\n\nCons: the charcuterie plate is tasty, but not filling.
Can't believe I haven't left a review yet. Been this little gem since I was a little girl. I know going to Vegas as a 5\/6 year old probably wasn't the best thing, but I had so much fun in this hotel. This hotel gives off a Hawaiian \/ Asian vibe and it's because all the locals (Hawaiians)come and stay here. The hotel itself could use some remodeling, but the food is comfort.\nLocated on the mezzanine floor is this awesome Hawaiian restaurant that feels like Hawaii in a nutshell. Spam, they got it. Saimen, they got it. Loco moco, definitely got it.\nFrom what I know as of recent they are going to remodel this whole place so check before coming to see if they are opened.\nDon't forget to get shaved ice next door.
I luv their fancy decor and their service!! Everyone in there was soooo nice and attentive.  When the kids finished their water, the waiter would bring another clean glass with a fresh straw each time without ever being asked!  I ordered the apricot drink and it was a little strong so the bartender came and brought me back a new one and told me if I still didnt like it, he would make another one till I did enjoy it! Now that is service!!  The food was very tasty as well and portions were just right!
I tried to give this place another chance but it failed again.  Great environment but food SUCKS again.  Not sure why but I'm done!
I particularly enjoyed their Korean menu offerings.  I love the hwedup bap and kalbi tang.  Their sushi is very fresh and comes in large quantities to get full off of.  The nigiri sushi was the biggest I've ever seen, as the fish on top is the size of 2 orders at most other sushi restaurants.  Sushi and Korean food is always a A+ in my book.  Thankful to have found this place.
My wife and I shared a big breakfast this morning and we were very satisfied with both the service and the food. The chef did a great job on everything he made. We will be back definitely.
I got both of my tragus pierced at another shop spare of the moment. When the initial hoop came out I looked up Jungle Zone on yelp. They did the change out for me free of charge, where more than friendly. One of my ears wasn't healing as well they explained how to better care for it and recommended the H2O spray. It helped up well after that. I came back one other time to have my jewelry switched to studs they were again super helpful and friendly. It was a great experience every time and if I ever decide to get more piercings or jewelry this is where I'll be going.
Had the Family Feast and it did not disappoint!!! The ribs were fork tender, great smoke flavor and smoke ring!  Their mustard sauce on their smoked sausages were great!  We ordered coleslaw as a side and made pulled pork mini burgers with the slaw which had great crunch texture and not overpowering in flavor.  Great balance!  Also included was smoked chicken and brisket.  Man was that some good eating!!!  Chicken was fork tender and the brisket falls apart easily with great flavor. I WILL be going back and think it's some of the best BBQ in the valley!  They did have these marshmallow bacon brownies that are on my list of items to try next!!!
I recently moved to the area and was looking for a good place to take my dry cleaning. My neighbor recommended this place to me, telling me that the staff is friendly and that they take care of their customers. It's a family owned store and they have two other locations, which makes it very convenient for me in case I have errands to run in those areas. Definitely recommend for anyone looking for a good cleaners in Gilbert.
Love it! Always great service,  and even better food. I would highly suggest the burnt ends!
Delicious food. We ordered red curry, cashew chicken and pad Thai to go. The food more than fed 3 of us. We enjoyed a glass of Chardonnay while we waited. We ordered medium spice\/heat, but the red curry was super hot. Ambiance inside was your usual middle of the line Thai restaurant - nothing fancy.
One of the better sushi happy hours I have ever seen.  It's not the biggest place so make sure you get here a bit early to get a good table.  All the happy hour items we had were delicious.  Service was adequate.
I cannot say enough good things about Kyle Brooks. He has been amazing and truly the best bedside manner I have ever run into in my entire life. He is absolutely amazing and makes me feel more at ease with everything. I feel like finally somebody is listening to me and understanding my pain. He is a great doctor and his partner dr. Brown I recommend them immensely I will never use any other knee injury doctor.
Absolutely love this place. I took my boyfriend here last weekend and he already wants to go back again. Delicious Pho and he really likes the noodles with beef. Clean, relaxed atmosphere and the people that work there are very nice. Tip- look online for their menu (the URL begins with "redfork") to see the full menu. The one at the restaurant is abbreviated for whatever reason
In Harold & Kumar, Harold, in relation to food, says, "I want that feeling. The feeling that comes over a man when he gets exactly what he desires. I need that feeling!"\n\nThis is how I've felt about finding the perfect char sui bao in Vegas. Alas, while I did find bao, it did not cure the itch.\n\nIn the Bay Area, I've had the most delicious char sui bao from bakeries. Small buns bursting with succulent filling. I want that again but my quest has been fruitless in this desert.\n\nOn the recommendation of other Yelpers in my Talk thread, I came here and bought 2 pork buns and an egg tart. The egg tart was because every review for Asian bakeries mentions them and I was curious about the fandom. I have no idea why they're a popular item after trying one.\n\nThe buns - they were good, but they were huge and had barely any filling. They tided me over but did not suffice.\n\nThere is a $10 minimum and I only had a $5 in my purse. Luckily it came out to $3.50 all together. The quest continues.
No regrets. \n\nIt's a dive, of course. Sure, we were there on a night when the ladies didn't come any younger than 50 years of age, but that doesn't mean they didn't have any talent working the pole(s). \n\nAnd hey, no cover and the drinks were cheap, by Vegas standards these days. We sipped $4 well drinks while taking in the atmosphere. \n\nThe place was fairly empty on a Sunday night, but there were two young Asian guys seated front and center who kept throwing bills around for all the women, making it rain. \n\nAn older fellow was getting extra treatment in the darkened corner to the right of the stage. He was constantly in our peripherals, as the head bobbing and grinding continued for at least a half hour. Once he was finally done, another older gentleman took his place with a different stripper of his choosing. \n\nThere were a couple times when a particularly mature woman would take her place on stage, Brandon D. and I expected it to be . . . interesting. And it would be. We were watching gals who could be old enough to be our mothers climb up the pole and twirl around with more enthusiasm than we've seen from girls less than half their ages. That's the benefit of going here: the women try harder and their experience shows. \n\nAt the same time, they leave you alone. The ladies never came by to pressure us into buying lap dances or anything, and it was appreciated. \n\nIt's not the classiest of places (OBVIOUSLY), but it's worth the experience of watching topless ladies, a few years from eating discounted meals at IHOP, give younger exotic dancers a run for their G-string money.
Excellent gluten free thin crust pizza. Got the Margarita. Delicious! We ate outside with our dog. There are only 3 tables but we were lucky and it wasn't busy.
Great brunch - had their version of eggs Benedict but with potato and pork belly. Loved the hot sauce used. \nMy wife had the risotto with fried eggs - good but I didn't think the risotto was "breakfast". \nAlso did the Crudo and Avacado mason jars. Just a great experience.
The food is Delicious. The Pizza and Pasta melts in your mouth. This is my favourite restaurant on college street. A wonderful place to spend an evening.
Poor service! Waited forever for the pasta and when it finally arrived it tasted like it came right out of a can. Won't be back!!!!
It was good. Not great, food portions wonderful, staff good. Had a coupon. :) Not a bad choice for a night out. Great cocktails.
cool spot to check out.  But not much there but some cool cars. Of course this is a car show and its all about cars but theres no tours from anyone, no one explains anything to you.  You walk in, look at the cars and walk out.  Boring to me.  Cars in front, gift shop to the right, exit to the left.  Thanks for coming!  Come on now! I know its your 2nd season but you're not small fish anymore.  In your short run you've become on of the most popular shows on history.  Thats saying a lot.  Have a tour atleast.  Not asking to go into the shop and smell the paint or play with the tools.  Just wanna know about the cars on display.  Thats all.
It is my second time to dine in here.  We came as a big group of 9. Our server worked hard on us but he was still nice and polite. Back to our foods, I was quite impressed by thier wings. Many of us liked 3-alarms chicken wings. Personally I think wings here is much better than the another popular brand of wings in term of size and flavorful. Too bad, this location is far from downtown.  Otherwise I would visit more often.  We had 3 pans of pizza: Hawaiian,  Chicago and double deckeroni. The last one was recommended by our server. He did a great job. We all loved it the most. It's much better when u order it in thin style. I would say Hawaiian here is the worst I have had so far. I am a fan of Hawaiian but definitely not from this place. The flavor was mediocre. Mehh! In short, I definitely come back for wings for sure.
I visited this location with friends & family for a birthday celebration. The experience was less than what I expected. We were a party of 10 & did not receive what we came for. No sake, small servings, and missing items. Would not recommend this place for dinner or ANYTHING!
I ordered from here last night and it was EXCELLENT! I was so impressed with their flavourful and tasty dishes. \n  \nI ordered shanghai noodles (tons of flavour) and general Tao chicken, won ton soup. \nThe general tao chicken was crispy, and not soaking in wet sauce that would make it soggy. It was amazing! \n\nThe deliver was very quick, prob 25 min max, when we were told 45 min. That's always a BONUS. \n\n  I will be going back for sure. \n5\/5 stars
Great entertainment, although not as grand as Mystere. A great time and family friendly. Well worth the time and money spent.
Best repair place in town. Brendan and everyone was extremely helpful! They fixed my fracked phone for a great price and in a short amount of time. I definitely recommend here!!
What a horrible customer service! The waiters doesn't know anything about the menu. I asked the waiter if a dish is spicy or not? He said he doesn't know and walked away. Had to ask 2 different people to get chili sauce. The food is not bad but not worth it for the price!
If you're like me Brazilian waxes are something you dread. But this place? AMAZING! Lest painful wax I've ever had!! She seriously had me bare in like 5 minutes and I was hardly flinching. \n\nMy only complaint is I have some random hairs and normally technician tend to pluck them. Oh well. Got them myself. Also it's really cheap to get waxed here!!! \n\nGo! Now!
Explain to me why I need to pay for parking when they do NOT have enough spots, they do NOT enforce parking, and we had a handicap guest with us and no handicap spots were available because NON HANDICAP vehicles were parked in handicap spots.  Mangement basically laughed in my face and did not seem to care.  So not worth it NOTHING worse then RUDE STAFF!!!!
Came in around 6:20 maybe (darn, just missed happy hour!) and asked the hostess for her opinion: we had a show to catch at 7:30, would we have enough time to eat here or should we go somewhere else? She said we'd be fine and that it usually takes 45 minutes so we got seated.\n\nWe asked our waitress about the Yelp deal that gives you a free appetizer with order of an entree and she said she'd have to check with her manager first because they might only accept printed coupons. C'mon hon, it's a deal that you get from checking in on Yelp with your mobile phone, if you expect people to print this out then I'm going to yell at you. So when she comes back she ends up saying that she thinks it's okay but another waiter is taking over our table so when we pay, we can just bring up the deal to him. I ordered the chicken quesadilla appetizer and BF got one of the sandwiches (I think chicken) with sweet potato fries upgrade. Then we waited and waited and waited. Our waiter had already refilled our water glasses twice and then as we continued to wait, I think he just started to avoid our table altogether. At maybe 7:10 I finally just stopped him and asked how much longer our food would be and he said he would check. He came back with our food and I asked for the check and had to ask about the Yelp deal all over again.\n\nBF's order did not have sweet potato fries, no way did we have time to exchange it though. As irritated as I was, when we began to eat it was kind of like "okay, well this is pretty yummy.." That's pretty much the only thing saving them in this review because I'm still so irritated by the communication between workers and the service overall. Yes they were friendly but geez. The hostess knew we were in a rush but never bothered to let our servers know? And when you switch out servers you should be updating the server replacing you about anything regarding the table, don't tell the customer to re-explain something to the new server. I understand our situation was a little different because we were in a rush to begin with but if we were going to wait that long just to receive the food, I would've appreciated being told at the door that I should consider eating somewhere faster. \n\nMost dishes are overpriced but the Yelp deal did make it worth eating there so thanks Yelp! Rather unpleasant experience but the food was not to blame
I love this place, they have the best patio and their staff is almost always super friendly. Some of their staff aren't always the most pleasant, but they get the drinks out quick and that's what counts for me here. Their patio is dog friendly before five and I think they're cool with dogs staying there as well if you end up hanging out after five. Prices are affordable but the atmosphere and the patio are the real reasons to go here. \nIn other news, I've gotten out of bed at like 11 pm to go get cheese sticks to go from here because I just crave them sometimes.
Opening night at Big Earl's! \n\nThey were busy right at opening, looks like old town needed a BBQ joint!\n\nI know there's much debate about what constitutes "real" BBQ - IMHO there are many "real" BBQs. A wide range of cooking styles, rubs, sauces, textures, flavors, etc. The point being no one BBQ can hope to please everybody. With that in mind, Big Earl's has a definite "style".\n\n1) All the sauces are slightly spicy. There are no sweet or tangy sauces here. Indeed, the Ghost Chile sauce is awesome hot!\n2) All the sauces are smoky. If you don't like your BBQ to be slightly "metallic" (i.e. like an iron skillet), this won't work for you.\n\nThat said I encourage you to give Big Earl's a try and decide for yourself!\n\nThe staff was friendly and knowledgeable, better than I expected for an opening night. Prompt drink refills in a nice canning jar glass. I'm a little annoyed with the guy who kept stealing my dirty napkins. They could have absorbed a little more sauce!\n\nApps: Just me tonight so I only sampled two, the fried pickles and the Big Earl's Challenge wings. The pickles were indescribably awesome, I couldn't stop eating them! Seemed to taste both dill and slightly sweet (like a cinnamon sugar) and wonderfully crunchy in their light breading\/batter.\n\nThe wings were covered in the Big Earl's Ghost Chile sauce - good hot! The heat doesn't grab you right up front but builds to a nice burn after a few wings. Oddly, the sauce seemed to make the skin on the wings slippery - so watch out for flying wings!\n\nThe brisket was awesome! Sure to be a tough competitor in this year's brisket throw down. The pulled pork was tender and juicy, can't wait to try it in a sandwich. The pork ribs were a little dry for me, but nothing a little extra sauce didn't cure :-)\n\nI had sides of mac 'n cheese and homemade fries. Both worth having again. Although you need to eat the mac 'n cheese first because it cools quickly and loses some of its creamy goodness.\n\nI ordered a banana pudding for desert which I took home to share with my wife. I have no idea how it tastes because she didn't share.
I called to schedule a move on Saturday morning with the corporate office. I told them I only had a limited time period to move, either that Saturday or the following Saturday. They said that they could fit me in the following Saturday and that there was a possibility they could get me in later that day. They said that they would have the local office call me later that day if they could fit me in that day, or worst case on Monday to finalize the quote but assured me the move could take place the following Saturday. \n\nOn Monday, I called headquarters back because I did not hear from anyone and the guy who I was on the phone with was rude and told me that I am not scheduled for Saturday, and that I would need to wait for the local franchise to call me to see if they could fit me in, which was completely different than the lady told me 2 days prior. I asked the guy if he could put me on hold and call the local franchise or give me the phone number for to local franchise as we were 5 days away from when the move was supposed to be scheduled and I still hadn't heard from anyone. He told me that the local franchises didn't have phone numbers and I would just have to wait. I followed up by letting him know I could take the risk of not having the company be able to fit me in and asked what I should do, and he said all we can do is wait and if the local franchise doesn't call you, call us and let us know they are not doing their job. I told him this was not satisfactory and it is not my responsibility as the customer to tell the headquarters that their franchise isn't doing their job and his response was, I don't have an answer for you, and then he hung up on me. \n\nWould never do business with this company again.
Jamelle is amazing!! She was able to help us last minute with our wedding (4\/03\/15). When we spoke she even gave ideas that I didn't think about for our ceremony. I think she was just as excited as me! Maybe even more! She asked questions about how we wanted the ceremony to be. Which was really nice because I didn't know much about weddings. And with that things really fell into place with her help. We had a sweet little wedding and we are very happy she was apart of it! Defiantly someone I would recommended in a heartbeat!
Molly's is one of our staples.  It always has solidly good pizza though does tend to be a bit greasy.  It deliver to our house in Brookline and you have to call to order.  The Molly sticks are really good too because they're huge.
The Rewards program is a must! No waiting in line for check in! You also get great discounts!\n\nThey first room they put me in was a non-smoking Fan Luxury room on the 25th floor and it reeked of smoke. I went to the desk to have my room changed. The desk guy called a manager and I was given a little bit of an upgrade to an executive Fab luxury room on the 28th floor. We now had couch and refrigerator :) The room was very clean and spacious. The bath needs an update but had nice big fluffy bath towels! Wood laminate floor in the main room (much better than carpet).\n\nThe hallway definitely needed new carpet! It rained when were their and the ceilings in the hallway were leaking water. They had garbage cans throughout the hallway catching water. Thank goodness our room stayed dry.\n\nBeing on the 28th floor, the view was to die for! We could see both the Bellagio fountain and the Mirage volcano from the room! \n\nThe pool was awesome! We went to both the Go pool and the family pool. Make sure you get there early to get a good spot! People tend to put their towels on chairs to save their spots and leave. \n\nThey don't have the biggest casino but it was nice. They had nice shops and places to eat. Being center of the strip was amazing! Close to everything!
I really feel as if I should have packed some knee pads for this trip to Vegas. We thought this buffet sounded like a bargain compared to the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's. I was told it was only $35 each for dinner...Caesar's was almost $60 a head. My recollection of the Bellagio buffet was that it had pretty amazing food...the Beef Wellington and Chilean Sea Bass were particularly memorable last time. It seemed like it would be a bargain at this price. What I didn't count on was that they would charge my four year old a FULL adult admission. Oh, and since it was Friday, it would be $40 each. \n\nWell, the food was not nearly as good this time around...dish for dish, the Caesars buffet was far better. The only thing was that the Bellagio had King Crab legs, though they didn't seem properly defrosted and were quite waterlogged. And you can imagine how pleased I was at paying $40 for my daughter's roll and spoonful of macaroni and cheese. What the hell are they thinking charging a little kid that much??? What a bunch of crooks...it is definitely not the same now that it is owned by MGM.
Great place for breakfast and coffee.  Breakfast was a amazing with great spices to the dishes.
Pretty average subs.  It's more expensive than Subway and didn't taste much better in my opinion.  I did notice they slice their own meats and cheese, so I do think the ingredients are a bit fresher.   However, I didn't really taste the difference.  Pft.  Eh.
I love Virgin Cheese!! Tried it first on a tasting platter at Vegenation and had to buy a block for myself from The Market. The sriracha is my fave and shallot truffle also A+
If your looking for the best insurance agent in Las Vegas, call Jeremy Shugarman! We were looking for a liability policy for our business and Jeremy was by far the most informative and concerned about our best interest. He went above and beyond what we asked for and was very informative in every aspect of insurance. Do you want the best insurance advise? Do you want the best value? Call Jeremy!!
Huey always knows how to make a girl happy. I've been going to him for years. He's the only person I truly trust with my nails. I just have to pick the colors and he does the rest. He is honestly the best, very professional, clean and sweet. I'm never disappointed, he always exceeds in my thoughts and expectations of what I have in minds when I walk in.
I love breakfast and I think Snooze does a decent job. But only when I go in. When I call ahead, 50% of the time my order is incorrect. It's small things like forgetting cheese in my scramble or my extra hollandaise, but these kind of things add up. The food is consistently good, though the hash browns are sometimes a bit undercooked. It's good, but try some other breakfast places before you make up your mind to wait an hour.
My husband and I had an excellent breakfast on Saturday morning. Wonderful service and fantastic coffee. Yes, it's expensive, but so is everything in Las Vegas. Breakfast the next morning at the Terrace in the Wynn, although a couple dollars less expensive, was not nearly as good nor as nice of an experience, by a long shot.
Worse place ever. Horrible establishment, particularly for men who they try to rip-off.  I've been twice and both times were awful. My pedicures lasted 15 minutes and they charged me $32.00. They also cut me and didn't apologize. Under no circumstances should men go there.  I wish there was an option for no stars in this review.
Super healthy, relatively cheap and incredibly delicious. Sushi Fuku is like the Chipotle of sushi, with their simple yet personalized options (of sushi, a bowl or sushi "burrito"). It is completely awesome and incredibly satisfying. Inari topping is a must try!
My coworker and I have been looking to try new places in the area. So naturally I took to Yelp for assistance. I looked at the menu, pics, and reviews and decided The Bellè Grille was a must try. I was NOT disappointed. Actually WE were not disappointed. We both loved it. The atmosphere was amazing, the service was superb, and the food was great. This is my first 5-star review and it was well earned. We will definitely be back!
I really was excited for this place to open.  Looked like it was going to have great ambiance and an awesome menu PLUS the new bar for Univ of Arizona Game Watches... amazing!  Turns out I was completely wrong.  I never tried the food because in the hour I was there, the hummus I ordered never came.  The burgers we were going to order also didn't come because the server barely came back enough times for us to place that order.  It took OVER 45 minutes to get one beer.  The best part is after I told the server to cancel our next round, the manager came over to apologize and said he wanted to make it right.  We stuck around for another 15 mins watching him NOT get us our beers, not rush out our food or assist in any other way.  Worst service and worst management I have seen in a very long time.  We will not be back.
Jambalaya is overpriced for what you receive. Flavor is bland as well. I did not have any beer so I cannot rate that aspect. The menu is expensive for average sports bar fare.
First off...they're getting one star for cheesy bread.  That's it.  Horrible service tonight for our group.  \n\nWhere do I begin.  Took 15 minutes to receive our bottle of wine along with another 10 minute wait for our bottle of water.   Meats were tasty for about the 15 minutes when we received them.  After that the meats stopped coming around even though our cards were up on green.  The meat jockey's were still walking around but seemed to ignore our table.  The table next to us also received the "salad bar" treatment.  \n\nReally disappointed in the service as I had been waiting for this dining experience for a few weeks now.  Decided while waiting twenty minutes for the check that I will probably not return.
How can you go wrong? You have the view of the San Francisco skyline, tons of amazing food options (that you help cook and take care of), you get to bring your own booze and everyone is so nice and informative. By far the best groupon purchase ever! And if groupon was not an option I would have spent that money without fail. I learned so many awesome things about how to BBQ that I have taken them home and used them! Do it! Well worth it!
Dr. Stacey, Mary Anne, and the whole staff are fantastic. Dr. Stacey is specialized as an Orthodontist AND Pediatric dentist.  She is the only dual specialist in Nevada. If you are a parent, this is a dental gold mine.
Simply stated, the food here was absolutely delicious! The food is very savory and the staff is incredibly pleasant. It was a pleasure to dine here and I look forward to future visits!
Wow I did not think it could be that bad but it is. I got a margarita and the pizza has not taste despite supposedly having fresh mozzarella, basil, tomatoes sauce on it. I taste bread and salt. The sauce is watered down and runny. The cheese is lunpy and inconsistent additional toppings are a 1.50. I am glad I got none. Well I guess I will keep the pizza for my am\nHangover. \n\nIt has two stars for the staff and free gelato.
My water glass was never less than 3\/4 full. Superb water attentiveness. But what's with the leather holsters?
We've been to The Jailhouse a few times now and we absolutely love it. The calamari is the best I have ever had. The ingredrients are fresh and the flavors are creative.\nYeah, it's loud, but if it's too loud for you, it's not your kinda place.\n\nMy husband and I like supporting local businesses and hearing local bands. We get to do both at The Jailhouse. And the service is top-notch. They make you feel like family.
Wish I could give this place negative stars...\n\nThe food is over-priced and the quality is poor but what tops it all off\nis the rude staff...\n\nI came in thinking customer service is something every staff member should be proud to have.\n\nThe male employee behind the counter kept staring at me when I came in, as I ordered and when I sat down to eat.\n\nHe then pretended to clean a table near me only to use it as an excuse to come over and ask me if I had my cell phone on. He then said "give it to me babe so I can add my digits to it"\n\nNot only offensive but over the top rude.\n\nI got up and left. The owner needs to sit down with his under-trained staff and either fire them all or al least train them to be nice.\n\nNEVER going back again.
It might be geared towards kids.  My kids like it.  But my husband and I am not impressed at all.   Don't waste your money on Category A or B tickets.  It's a really small theater.  You should either sit at the poncho section to get some closeup actions for the kids or anywhere else.  It's not the kind of show that you would want to see it again.  I think the Recycled Percussion (old show that we saw a few years back) is even better than this overpriced one.
Great off-the-strip dining, easy parking, and better than good food!  Much respect to Tom, posthumously, who not only wore those cool brim hats while on the sidelines coaching the Cowboys...but sure knew how to carry on after football with some good grub.\n\nI've been a handful of times to this location (ya know, it's a chain right?).  They have a menu of mainly seafood items (hence the name...hello), easy\/peasy quick lunches, and near fine-dining as the lights dim in the evening.\n\nIf that's not enough, they offer a terrific happy hour with all kinds of specials, and TV's featuring all the sports you can handle.\n\nService can be a little slow, perhaps it's the staffing levels vs training or caliber.  But, all the servers, managers, and hostesses have been super nice and friendly each time I've gone.
Went for the first time and the customer service is outstanding. Had a coffee and scone... delicious. Decor is welcoming. Will definitely go back!
We took our Scruffy here today for a self-wash.  We have always taken our long-haired dog to a groomer, but decided to give this one a go ourselves as it was too short notice for the groomer.  I didn't want to wash him at home because of the mess.  Wag and Wash was a great experience; the process was easy, and they clean up the mess for you.  It does take some time, getting my long-haired dog brushed and bathed and dry brushed again took a couple of hours of work, but I was very glad to leave the hair there and not have to take it home and clean it out of my own bathroom.  We were able to add-on a nail trim from their staff, quick and easy.  They also have a cute doggy bakery and they sell nice doggy supplies.  We bought a new collar and leash.  The staff were excellent; Nathan, James and Beau (I think that's right?) All were super friendly and helpful.  You can tell that they work there because they genuinely love dogs.  I'll be back.
My first experience with Ethiopian food. All I can say is WOW! Amazing!!!! The food was fabulous and the staff was very friendly. A nice family restaurant. We will be back very soon!
Riding a tuk-tuk was a great way to get around town and not have the hassles of parking and getting directions. Our driver was super friendly and knowledgeable. Very impressive service and an all around great experience!
As Cara G said, this shop just closed down with no notice and no offer to refund. Two of my friends had just bought their memberships 2 days before they closed down and have lost hundreds of dollars. They have closed down all of their websites\/accounts and when emailed about refunds they simply stop replying.\n\n Laura Baron has shown a disgusting disrespect for her customers and it seems awfully like a scam. Does anyone have any legal knowledge to help with this situation? \n\nThank you!
what's not to love? party city is the best. year-round and seasonal stuff, balloons like crazy AND candy. perfect place to shop for ANY celebration. then u get to the register and it all comes to, like, $14.35. so cheap!!!
After visiting Vegas 4 times, I was finally dragged here by one of my girlfriends on my recent trip. I've heard really good things about this buffet, so naturally I'd be really inclined to go try. Needless to say, I was very disappointed in the food. The food is endless, and is split from all different parts of the world. From dimsum to Italian to Mexican to seafood. You name it, they probably have it. The presentation is beautiful! The most disappointing thing was that none of the food was hot. At first I thought, maybe it was me until one of the other girls at the table mentioned the same thing. On top of cold food, the flavor of most of the food was bland. You'd think for the amount of money spent on the buffet, the food would be better. I've had other buffets in Vegas, and sadly enough this wasn't the best, like what everyone makes it to be. So long story short, I waited for the hot pizza to come out the oven, and ate pizza... \n\nOn the other hand, the staff was very nice and very attentive for it being so busy. It's unfortunate that I won't be returning back here... unless it's again my own free will!
Hoorah for District. \n\nThis was one of my first ever ventures into Leslieville (despite 3 years of living in Toronto) and while I can't say I'm a huge fan of the neighbourhood (it's just not my style), I can say District "Modern Japanese Bistro" is a great little spot.\n\nThe restaurant is small, dark and intimate, with seating for maybe 30 or so. We arrived at 6pm on Friday and most of the tables were reserved for 7pm seatings. The waitress gave us a table anyway and I assured her we would try not to linger too long.\n\nThe food is meant to be shared\/tapas style. They had a good selection of cold and hot appetizers, soups, salads, sashimi and maki. \n\nWe tried edamame, sweet potato wedges and the tuna tartar, followed by two of the specialty maki rolls - the district roll and the red dragon roll (I'll attach photos)\n\nThe food was beautiful served and I loved everything. The speciality rolls were both amazing.\n\nBig props to our waitress too - she was truly awesome. She was great at follow up and made small talk with us. We had no problems getting the avocado in both rolls subbed with cucumber (my friend has an intolerance for avocado). The fish seemed very fresh.\n\nI was very impressed by this place. "Ghetto" sushi is normally my thing (Sushi on Bloor, anyone?) but District did an awesome job of upscale sushi.\n\nI'd go back, if it weren't in Leslieville :)
This is the best Greek specific food store in Greek town (and I've been in them all!) Go-to place if you are trying out Greek recipes and need to find obscure ingredients. They have all the imports direct from Greece.\n\nFirst off, the owner is a real gem and will offer to help you out as soon as you enter the shop. He's answered numerous stupid questions from me whilst managing to keep a straight face.\n\nGreek House has a ridiculously awesome deli counter with deli meats, fresh butcher cuts, Greek cheeses (Feta, Kasseri, Haloumi, even Kefalotiri!), real Greek pressed yogurt and a wide selection of homemade Greek dips (tzatziki, taramosalata, telitzanosalata and hummus variations) and a huge olive counter.\n\nThe front part of the shop has a bakery section with all your typical Greek goodies (baklava, kourabiethes, loukoumades, loukoumia, etc). If you don't know what any of this is, GO AND SEE, you'll be impressed.\n\nAlso lots of canned and boxed food items from Greece (grape vine leaves for making dolmades, okra, greek white beans, rice, Greek honey, olive oils, etc)
El Cortez is absolutely fantastic, and the last of a breed of great Hotel\/Casinos. First of all, the rooms are huge, comfortable, clean and some have amazing views. Usually if you ask the front desk for a great view, you get one. Secondly, the gaming is second to none. Slots that pay off WAY more than Strip slots or even downtown, and the absolute BEST blackjack game in town. The house advantage is nearly zero! Lastly, you can't beat the VALUE. A huge, clean, comfortable nice room for very a way more than reasonable price. I hope this place stays open forever. Go here.
my favorite hotel on the strip. i like it even more than encore. i love the standard rooms with the sunken sitting area. we had a pre party in our room every night that we were there cuz it was just that player. i love how it's small compared to gigantic hotels and you don't have to break your ankle walking in heels when you go back and forth from the rooms. love that there's a grand lux downstairs where you can get decent food for decent prices at 3am. also, the noodle place at the venetian sportsbook is walking distance.
Das Diner haben wir zufällig auf der Suche nach einem Dessert entdeckt. Die Bedienungen sind freundlich, die Karte lässt keine Wünsche offen und die Preise sind auch in Ordnung. Ob das Diner für ein Mittagessen geeignet ist, mag ich nicht beurteilen, aber für ein Getränk oder ein Dessert kann ich es nur wärmstens empfehlen.
I decided to stop in here for lunch on my way back to the office. Despite the run down building and awful interior it is was very busy. I stole glimpses of other customers good as they were eating and everything looked delicious and appeared to be authentic Mexican food. \n\nI asked the girl in front of me if she had eaten here before and she said not since she was 10 years old and was excited to order her old favorite plate of a chicken burrito with beans and rice. She said the chicken was juicy and delicious. So I ordered a chicken taco and a shredded beef taco to go. (I also ordered a dozen flower tortillas, because you know...flour tortillas!) \n\nThe chicken was good but was not my favorite. The shredded beef taco was amazing! Not too greasy, full of flavor with just the basics of cheese and lettuce. They also gave me a side of their red salsa which was garlicky and yummy! \n\nNext time I go (yes,I will be back!) I will try a machaca burrito  or their cheese enchiladas. This place truly is a hole in the wall authentic Mexican food restaurant.
La Scarpa is located in the pool promenade shops @ Bellagio.  \n\nShoes and accessories range from high to low end.  D&G, Dior, & Manolo.  The cheap stuff is tacky and questionable.\n\n3 stars:\nSketchy & pushy SAs.  \nMessy displays, similar to what you would find at low quality knockoff shoe store.
1st timer here. I loved the product but what really set me back was he customer service. Rhonda helped me pick my rare size 32x34 and had plenty of recommendations on what looks good with what.\n\nIt's easy to remember bad customer service, but people don't realize how un-often it is for someone to be so pleasant that you remember them for GOOD customer service. I will definitely be back! \n\nFYI they have men's dress pants, shirts, polos, suits, socks, and shoes. A ton of options to choose from.
I had my son's bday party here. He said it was the best birthday ever so I think that speaks for itself as it is extremely difficult to make a 17 yr old and all his friends happy. I defiantly won some brownie points here. The only bad thing is it gets kind of pricey ( well worth it though)\nOh and I wish they had some sort of awning for the picnic areas. Other than that it's great! Super helpful staff and great 'fun'!\nOh they also let u bring in your own food and ice chests if u want!! Obviously u can't bring in booze.
Outstanding service, an intimidating large wine list and great steaks.
We stopped in while passing by in search of a place to have dinner. There was a lot of people and the prices seemed reasonable.... but totally not worth it.\n\nWe ordered the hot and sour soup, eggplant and garlic and kong pao chicken for two people.\n\nThe hot and sour soup was not that great. While there is plenty of ingredients, it was basically all sour and not spicy at all. So soup is a pass for sure.\n\nThe eggplant and garlic was way too sweet and had way too much sauce. The eggplants were beyond drenched in sweet sauce and the eggplants were borderline mushy.\n\nThe kong pao chicken was not spicy at all. While there was lots of peanuts, water chestnuts and tender chicken, it was way too salty. \n\nThe servers pretty much ignored us for the most part. Even when trying to get the bill, the one male server didn't seem to respond to our request and just walked away (it wasn't that busy, place was less than 1\/3 full when we tried to pay so no excuse for his behavior). And the servers wasn't able to answer very simple questions, like if the chicken dish would be sweet or not, I get it with language barriers but it was a simple question that they should know)\n\nI found that this place most likely catered to Westerners, as that is what the majority of the crowds are. If you want authentic Chinese food, go elsewhere in Chinatown, where they don't mask the flavors with a lot of sauce, salt or sugar.
This is my second time I came and I can say WOW! Awesome food, I had a slice of pizza that tasted AMAZING! They don't only sell pizza, they sell many types of different Italian food (lasagna,pasta) and sandwiches. They have good sweets too.
I was travelling to Toronto last week and made a stop at Square One.. I'm from Toronto and spent a lot of time in California for school so I got to really know frozen yogurt during the surge in the early 2000's. I needed a yogurt fix during my shopping and since we already know Yogen Fruz is garbage and dated, I decided to try this new place called Qoola. It claimed to be all organic and the lady read my a laundry list of all the benefits which is fine, although I hope she know that pretty much all frozen yogurt can claim to be is healthier than ice cream - anything more than that is just salesmanship.\n\nLong story short... this place does not measure up to the best... Toronto in general for some reason is missing the best fro-yo brands... For full service you absolutely can not beat PINKBERRY! I actually can't believe that it hasn't made its way to eastern Canada yet, but Im sure it will! For self serve... there is nothing better than Yogurtland... another brand that has not made its way to Canada. As much as I hate American brands some are just better! \n\nBottom line... skip this place and try some home grown until Pinkberry or Yogurtland arrives... then Mississauga and Toronto will be in for a real treat! \n\nI had the cookies and cream at this location and it left a terrible after taste and almost felt like a film on my tongue after. PLUS its too expensive for not being a leader in the category like the aforementioned!
I love my strawberry drink a lot. The service was quick and very friendly. Best part, I love the price!
Came here on a friday around 1pm for brunch, paid $36\/per person. Expected so much more since I read some good reviews, was very disappointed. I will not be returning. \n\nCons:\n-old food, all hot food was cold, not even a hint of warmness\n-there was absolutely no quality in the food, tasted like any random buffet you can eat anywhere\n-sushi seemed like it came from a prepackaged, was not made fresh, didn't even see a sushi chief\n-asian\/sushi section was the poorest section\n-pho broth was tasteless, tasted more like warm water. broth was not even hot enough to soften the noodles\n-no creativity in the pasta section, pizza was disgusting\n\npro\n-great dessert section\n-beef cut was not bad\n-quick lines, or maybe no one in line because the buffet sucks
Conveniently located near OREA College, which is great.  Pricing is reasonable and the food is fresh.  It's very convenient and reasonable for coffee, salad, and lunch
Amazing, aerial, homoerotic, muscles, half naked men everywhere, elaborate costumes, funny, amazing feats of strength, acrobatics like you have never seen, surreal, unreal, awesome music, awe, shock and amazement, funny.\n\nI could go on and on with more to describe what is the most amazing Cirque show I have ever seen. This is my first Vegas Cirque show and it left me absolutely breathless and wanting more. Cirque du Soleil lives up to its well deserved reputation with this production.\n\nThere was one act between 2 gymnasts who demonstrated amazing feats of strength with slow, deliberate movements, their bodies intertwined in ways you can't even begin to imagine. These guys had two of the most amazing physiques I have ever seen. Their incredible muscled bodies were strained with every move, and I waited with anticipation to see if they were going to burst through their skin.\n\nI lived here for a long time and each time I return I'll be seeing another one. I might even get a chance to see Zumanity before I leave. Awesome.
I love using this place as a meeting spot to chat and eat. This Taiwanese restaurant is pretty good and I love their Boba tea drinks. Their Bobas are pretty fresh not rubbery and chewy like other places.. I have been going to this place since high school, and would chill and relax here on the weekends play cards  and socialize. The reason why i gave this 3 star is because their service sucks. They take forever to take your order or to clean up, they don't check on you..Then again what Asian restaurant ever gives good service.  So Im pretty use to it.. I give it a 3 1\/2 star too bad Yelp does not do 1\/2s.. hehe I would still go back here it's a great place to chill and socialize while grabbing some food and drinks that are pretty good. Just don't expect good service. I highly recommend getting the passion fruit tea and for the food get the pork chops.
Went with friends from out of town after seeing it on DD&D. Food was excellent and ingredients were fresh. Someone checked on us twice during our meal to make sure everything was ok. Will definatley be going again.
This place a has a really good burger and great fried pickles. I love how you can choose the size of your burger, but sometimes the bread overwhelms the patty when you order a smaller burger.
Everything was great, the appetizer, I think it was the fried egg and bacon dish that won me over.  From there the entrees, seared tuna, lived up to expectations and finished off with donuts and 3 different dips.  There was a surprise of cotton candy at the end of the meal that you can't help but finish off even if you're done.\n\nI'll be back again.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! Be prepared, this is a call-in-your-order, delivery or stop-in-and-order place. Now that you know, get ready for a fantastical experience for your taste buds. The pizza is different than what you find elsewhere. Sanfratello's uses very high quality ingredients including 100% Scamorza cheese and YES, it makes a difference. I'm also a huge fan of pizza sauce done right and Sanfratello's got it down perfectly. They also have really good pasta (not sticky, gooey or stuff that's been sitting around in a pan) and stellar meatballs. How's this for a change of pace... Sanfratello's has ribs. I was too stuffed with pizza, salad and pasta to try the ribs, so that will have to wait for next time. Definitely consider Sanfratello's for a refreshing change of pace on the valley's pizza scene.
I'm not a serious artist, just someone who dabbles in ink\/colored pencil\/watercolor pencil drawing.  But this store is great.  The prices are good enough that it's actually a better deal there, than to order the same products online (I'm talking mainly about their pens\/pencils\/erasers, etc.).  That's a pretty rare thing these days.\n\nAnd as the others have said, the staff are great.  They're just real, down to earth people who do their best to be helpful, and coincidentally they really know their stuff.  The store space itself is pretty cool, if a bit cramped - an old metal spiral staircase leads to a basement level where most of their paper\/canvases are kept.\n\nIt's an enjoyable place all-around.  If you need serious art supplies, there's no reason to go anywhere else in Madison.
This place has the best toddy! I had gone to Starbucks earlier today and got the toddy with coconut milk and it was still bitter. I knew Black cat had smooth toddy and I was craving it for the rest of the day. I got a medium black toddy and it definitely didn't disappoint! So smooth you don't even need cream.
My kids and I LOVE Good Donut. We come more often than I care to admit. I actually prefer them over Bosa! Close to Dutch Bros too, which makes it a perfect, yet dangerous, morning stop.
Amy the manager is great!!!  Give this salon a try for a mani or pedi.  They also have a location at Camelback and 44th street.
Being from Bay Area and having so many good ramen joints to try really makes it hard to find "good" ones elsewhere. Monta has been on my "to-try" list for a very long time. But every time I try to go it's packed to the gills. Luckily this time I was out for an early dinner and was lucky to be seated within 15 minutes. This place is small, max cap at about 40. \n\nOrdered the miso ramen, requested spicy which is just a chili paste added in that you mix into the soup yourself. The ramen was good. A little chewy, a little al dente. The broth was good. The chili paste gave it more flavor. Great food, just not worth any wait longer than 30 min.
This haunted house is awesome. The first house in the 13th floor was a great experience, the second house called Zombieland wasn't so much fun. The total experience last about 45 minutes which is well worth the money spent. Some people were complaining about having to crawl in Zombieland but there is an option to go around the crawlspace. I would have to agree with others that management does allow too many people to walk through the haunted house at the same time which causes the people in the front of the line to get the initial shock and the people towards the rear of the line to anticipate what's around the corner. The set pieces are outstanding and the special effects are great as well. I would strongly recommend going to this haunted house over others in the valley like Scream Park and Jack and Jill's haunted Hill.
Bridal Path Invitations was the WORST part of my 1.5 years of wedding planning. Due to their incompetence, I lost almost $1000 and had to reprint my invites at another company. This company made us wait 2 months for defective invitations, and throughout the grueling 2 month process they were rude, arrogant, unapologetic, and slow. \n  \nI hired them back in JANUARY. They look good on the surface - Nice store, nice social media pages, etc. But then they insisted I pay in FULL in advance. That's when it all changed and they went MIA. I had to email and call several times just to start the process. Every single step after that was just an absolute disaster.\n \nFirst, took them almost a week to send me the template for invitation wording. Then, they sent proofs with mistakes such as wrong year, things misaligned, different fonts that did not match. Each time I'd ask for edits, they made me feel like I was asking for the world. For even the simplest changes such as changing the font size, they would take a full week to send a revised proof! Basically a full month passed before we had a draft invitation that was ready to print as a sample. \n \nThen the real fun began.\n\nWe received the printed sample  at the end of February and none of the most recent edits were incorporated. Even worse, they added more mistakes!  The writing was not centered, borders were uneven, and the ink on our RSVP sized card was faded.  The funniest mistake which just illustrates their incompetence, is they forgot to add our wedding date on the card cover, even though it was on every proof they sent over the last 5 weeks LOL! \n\nHonestly, we thought that was the end. But it wasn't.\n \nAfter sorting this mess out they finally printed all our materials in early MARCH. I had gently reminded the company's "Co-Founder and Creative Director" (you can look up who that is yourself) that we were WAY behind but they only blamed us and behaved very rudely to us. \n\nUpon opening cards, we realized that their final product was just as terrible as the experience we had for the previous 6 weeks:\n\n1) The sample envelope they gave us was linen, leading us to believe that's what we were getting in the final invites. But the final envelopes were not. Had they told us that the nicer envelope costs more, we would have paid. \n2) The RSVP sized cards looked like someone had cut them at home. The borders were SO uneven that there was no way we could give them to anyone.\n3) The Bellybands, which are supposed to wrap around the invitation were ordered in wrong size so didn't fit. To fix it, they took more gold material and glued the two pieces together on each invite LOL! Reminded me of elementary school art class. \n\nReluctantly, they agreed to redo some pieces (but asked for more money of course lol) and to come back in another 2 WEEKS!\n\nWe show up in 2 weeks; NONE of the stuff was redone. The RSVP-size cards or envelopes weren't reprinted, and bellyband material was not here yet (they could have told us this before). They told us to come back the NEXT WEEK for the bellyband material, after which they would assemble the invites. Plus, they made my mother wait 2 HOURS for them to print the things they had two weeks to do. She missed a work meeting and lunch because of them that day. \n\nI decided that even if I have to pay more money at another printer, there is absolutely no way we're going back here. I told my mom to take whatever printed materials were ready, and to go.\n\nI then went to another printer who sorted everything out and assembled it all within 3 business days. He did not need to order the bellyband material, he was skilled enough to fix the invites in such a professional way that they looked perfect. \n\nWe did end up picking up the bellyband material from Bridal Path Invitations when it was ready and guess what -- they ordered the wrong material. It was a different texture and different colour. So glad I went to the other printer. \n\nTheir social media photos are nice, but it's so easy to print out a couple good pieces and stage a nice Instagram photo. Don't be fooled. Save yourself the time and money. Pay more, but DO NOT go to Bridal Path Invitations.\n \nNot only will I not recommend this company to people, I've already started actively telling my friends getting married in Toronto to ensure they avoid this place.\n\nMy mom's words - "they turned our happiest occasion into the most stressful one"\n\nEDIT- company's reply is proof of their defensiveness & has many lies. I never spoke to Adrienne during 2 month process so how she can even comment? Yes they gave me $180 back after we insisted on full refund. To be crystal clear I REPRINTED (from ANOTHER printer) RSVP cards and envelopes AND fixed the poor assembly job they did. Cost me hundreds more but good quality. \n\nFYI - Adrienne's reply below is the most professional interaction we have had so far with the company. Funny how tone changes once a customer calls you out publicly through a review. \n\nGood riddance.
NOM NOM NOM! I wanted bbq\/hawaiian food while visiting AZ so the bf took me to Leo's, I got the chicken combo which comes with teriyaki chicken, katsu with rice and macaroni salad with a generous amount of veggies. It was really delicious! The katsu was deep fried perfectly. Not too dry and the meat is still juicy on the inside. The teriyaki was more towards the sweeter side but still very good. \n\nThe restaurant is located in a small plaza across from the plaza that Barnes and Noble sit in. Our GPS had some problems getting here. Kept looping us around but luckily, we found it. \n\nThe owners\/employees are very nice and the restaurant is well kept and clean. I wish i had more time to try the other items on their menu!
This has to be the nicest location I have ever visited. I had surgeries scheduled at the cleveland clinic and after my weekly bill came for my family to stay here, it totaled 50 bucks a night. We had 2 double beds in our room, a nice bar styled sink, the bathroom which was just a toilet and a tub\/shower. We had a microwave and a fridge too. My family had basic needs for our stay, and this location went above and beyond by helping my mom fax some papers. They truely went above and beyond the needs of a customer. Great job team and staff. Thank you for being so kind and good to my family!
My boyfriend and I used Sunset Fence for our backyard and they are superb. They were the only contractor that proposed that we maximize our fence to the mid way point on my house. Also, the only contractor that supplied a detail schematic of the fence install with the proposal. They informed us of that up front without any additional work on our part. We highly recommend Sunset Fence and will use them in the future if we purchase a new home.
This casino is really outdated and in need of some major revamping.  It's quite a shame considering that the Radisson that's adjacent to the casino actually is a lovely place.  Considering the many other new and modern casinos that exist in the Phoenix metro area, this place doesn't really seem to be much of a destination except maybe for locals or people looking only to gamble and who don't care about overall ambiance.  I would opt for any other Phoenix area casino before coming to this place.
Went to this place three times with different groups when it first opened, and never went back. The service was extremely slow, the orders were wrong, the prices were high, the portions were small.  Looking at recent reviews, things may have changed. Will give it another try.
My husband and I ate breakfast here last Sunday and were not disappointed. The place wasn't too busy so it was easy to walk in and grab a table. \n\nI ordered the hash mash which is corned beef, scrambled eggs, potatoes and cheese in a skillet. It was very filling and delicious. However they did put way too much cheese on top and after a while it become too much. I would order the hash mash again, minus the cheese.\n\nMy husband ordered pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were big and fluffy and the bacon was thick and tasty, not fatty and floppy.\n\nI looked at the other items on the menu and everything else sounds great. Lots of deli sandwiches, soups and their desserts look very yummy.\nI plan to check them out for lunch or dinner sometime as well as coming back for breakfast.
Commuter sandwich is delicious. Great coffee. Fun atmosphere with a lot to look at. Wish we lived in Phoenix so we could go more often.
I was on a US Airways flight from KC today (599) that was running late.  I was supposed to be continuing on the flight (660) to SNA.  They let us get off the plane first in PH so we could make our connection. We got PH gate 15 minutes before the flight was scheduled to leave at 5:55pm. The supervisor (Arlene L) came out and told us our seats had been given away and we should go to the customer service desk to rebook.  The reason I'm writing is that Arlene could not have been more unsympathetic - she had one of the nastiest attitudes I've seen in an airline employee in a long time (how about a "I'm really sorry" for starters).  Despite booking a seat in first class, she could not have cared less.  I'm going to get home tonight on Southwest.  I deserve better treatment than this.
Came here with my husband and brother on a Saturday night after finding every other place we tried had well over an hour wait to eat. We loved the large selection of beers and the burgers we had were amazing! If you want fries though they are extra which we ordered to share and some cheese curds. The downside of when we were there was they had a bar crawl bus that stopped by (and of course it was their last stop) and it became extremely loud and because we were sitting at the bar to eat, all the people were trying to reach between us to order drinks even though there was plenty of open bar area for them to order at. Overall it was good food and the staff were friendly and attentive, we would come back again.
Love the chicken tikka wrap! So good. Service is always friendly we usually order ahead,   Sometimes they put to much lettuce but I just remove it. Lol.  \nActually going again for lunch today.
I need to update my review on Sakana and make it complimentary since Jun the manager contacted me and thanked me for my feedback  and promised to make things better. ( also offered me a gift card that I will not take at this time because I need time away)  and is making it important to do things better. That is very big of her as she didn't have to do that or be so nice. \n\nI feel most people who love Sakana don't need a change, I guess I was expecting more.\n\nI still do recommend the fish collars , cheeks , or stir Fry's.\n\nI will in the future visit again because of location but I can't endorse sushi at this time.
I had a friend take me here. Food was excellent, especially the mole sauce! Service was slow.
Great customer service at this location! The supreme pizza looked like it was made to be on a commercial it was perfect, Bread sticks were great as well. I wish i could have remembered the guys name who took our order but he was really nice! Everyone pizza hut location should provide customer service such as this location! Great job guys!
This place has a nice interior and friendly staff. The prices are good and the ingredients fresh. They do not have big brand soda either. Instead it serves Boylan's pure sugar cane soft drinks. I had the lunch special of a 7" pie and a side ceasar salad. The pie was excellent but could possibly need a little longer in the oven and the salad was great except for a few large lettuce pieces ( I try not to look like a crazy person stuffing in a huge bite when possible lol). But those were such small things that I can give it 5 stars.
This is my go to when in Vegas. Great customer service, accurate times when you call to make an appointment and they do great gels, pedicures and acrylics.
AWESOME go go dancers. They were like... America's Best Dance Crew style... I couldn't stop watching.  \n\nDJ KID CAPRI was DJing when I was there and he f-ing tore it up. They had really cool fireballs too. \n\nTwo complaints... 1. drinks are sooo expensive. But maybe this is just expected in Las Vegas.  2. Dance floor is a bit small\/crowded. \n\nOverall, I had a GREAT time here.
*BE WARNED, THIS ONE IS A DOOSEY!**\n\nWent here for my birthday - Bill: $350+ for two.  **I am not cheap ; )**\n\nNobu, you did NOT wow me.\n\nHere's the bad:\nYou are far too loud for fine dining.  "Am I having a fine meal or am I in a club?"  Because I don't know - and I'm really pissed off about that!\nI could barely hear the waitress with all her training explain the food to me. (and since you did not provide a printed menu for the Chef's Tasting Menu) - I had no clue what some of the things I was eating even were.\n\nYou gave me disposable chopsticks...and not the nice kind... FOR F's SAKE NOBU, ARE YOU JOKING? $350+ Dinner?  Pathetic. (said with Disgust, and Distain)  I even asked for better chopsticks and was told you don't have them. (You are a JAPANESE RESTRAUNT - I am stunned...F@%ing stunned)\n\nTopper...After all the hype and the promise of excellent quality, food that will be remembered... I cannot accurately describe one thing I ate that night.  I am a Foodie.  The fact that I cannot recall one menu item can only mean one thing; Nobu, you aren't worth your salt.\n\nI will never go back.\n\nI will not encourage others to fritter a night away in Vegas that would be better spent in a fine dining establishment that is not having an identity crisis.\n\nYou guys have issues, and I am shocked at your overall rating.\n\nClearly being "cool" (and I say this with cheek) is enough to keep you in business in Las Vegas, (and apparently in LA).  If this exact restaurant were placed in San Francisco, or New York, you wouldn't last a year - The food critics would have your head.
Definitely worth it. The decor is lovely and it is a good atmosphere. But the important part is the food. This is probably as good as Phoenix can get; it will never be amazing Italian - the cooks can't go to a nearby dairy and get fresh cheese, they can't go to a local butcher and handpick the meats, and I doubt they have the time to make the pasta by hand - all of which they do in Italy. But that being  said, they did a good job with the ingredients that they have access to and everything was fine. Better than Olive Garden, and isn't that what you're looking for?\nThe staff is not effusive in greetings, but definitely not rude. Our server, an older gentleman, was courteous and friendly and spot on the service. Plate used? Replaced? Fork used? Replaced. New dishes for every course, perfect.\nAnd frankly, if you go during happy hour with half off appetizers (REAL appetizers, not cheapo fried stuff - options like calamari, mussels, antipasto, bruchetta, etc) life was pretty darn good.
I'm going to keep this one short:\n\n1 star for:\nTHE ELEVATORS - we had to wait in lines sometimes for 20 minutes or more before we could get on an elevator - especially during checkout on Sunday (we walked down 21 flights instead).\n\n2 stars for:\nLocation - all the way at the south end of the strip. A little far from everything except the airport...\nRestaurants, shops, hotel entertainment - very expensive. Example? $17 sunscreen and $6 bottles of water. WTH?\n\n3 stars for:\nThe rooms - comfy and clean, but you can hear everything in the halls.\nThe wave pool - way too crowded and the pool was just kind of gross.\nLazy river - fun, but doesn't come with flotation devices so we just walked through it - tons of children there!\n\n4 stars for:\nLandshark Lagoon - peaceful fun (21+ only), great waitress service, cornhole\/bags, hot tub and a nice shallow pool to wade through.\n\nWe spent most of our time at the pool or out and about in Vegas. I would rather stay at a more centrally located hotel next time.
This review is for the location on Baseline. I was a new patient today through their groupon deal and was extremely unhappy with the customer service of this office. I have a very complicated schedule so I called ahead before even purchasing my groupon to ask if all services could be rendered at once because I was unlikely to be able to get off enough time to have two appointments. They assured me that appointments usually took one hour and that they would take care of my exam cleaning and x rays. At my appointment today, none of my documentation had my name spelled right and when I received my exam and x rays I got to listen to the dentist fight with the scribe because the proper paperwork had not been printed out. I then sat in the exam room for an hour and a half before someone came in and told me their hygenist was completely booked and that I would have to reschedule. First, I am not sure why I had to sit in their exam room for so long for them to send me away. Second, I was told that the reason was that there were already patients in the waiting room. How is it that these other people have higher priority than a patient already checked in and waiting for an hour and a half? My teeth have no issues and they spent longer arguing with me and sending me away than it would have taken to just clean my teeth. Ultimately, they were happy to take my money but not offer the services promised. This office obviously does not have their act together and I would never go back.
I have been to the Scottsdale location on two separate occasions within the past 2 months.  BOTH have been a total letdown.  While the facility was pretty well designed, and the food wasn't bad (pretty mediocre, but do you really expect it to be more) the service, from two different servers, was terrible.  It was ridiculously slow - it shouldn't take over 30 minutes to get a check so I could pay and leave, and the servers seemed to be completely uninterested in being there, much less in have me as a patron.  I don't think I will ever visit another Twin Peaks location.
We've been staying at a hotel on the Square for a few days and I've already been to Fromagination twice and will probably go back to buy gifts again before I leave tomorrow. \n\nIt's comparable to Murray's cheese shop in NYC. There's a wide variety of cheese as well as preserves, chocolates, wine\/beer, ice cream, and cheese related kitchen gadgets (knives, blocks, books, etc.). They serve sandwiches, soups, and salads as well. They always have samples too and the service is very friendly and knowledgeable.\n\nOne star lost because they don't make a GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH! How can you be a cheese shop and not do grilled cheese?!? I also didn't appreciate the 'tude when I asked if they had a grilled cheese sandwich...I can read the menu thank you, I was just wondering how a cheese shop that sells sandwiches can't just get a sandwich press and serve the MOST delicious cheese sandwich there is. That's all.
Be aware of this Kungfu tea is different than the one located in china town. I asked for ginger green milk tea ( as I normally order at another location) add boba + taro+red been... No taro topping...Can't add ginger flavor to milk tea neither. Fine, I ordered a large taro milk tea with boba and red been, little sugar.... \n\nThe drink turned out to be super sweet in a regular size. Second time they made me a wrong size of drink....
Not really frozen custard...more like just soft served ice cream =\/ the burger is okay -- the California style burger is like a single cheeseburger from In N Out but I do like their fries...crispy and very thin. The menu is mostly ice cream and sundaes. \n\nNothing very note worthy of this place...kinda cheap, has drive thru and big sit-in area and friendly staff.
Hosted a business dinner for 9 last night. Never been here but it was highly recommend. I was very impressed with the ambiance and service. The food was fabulous and the portions are huge. We started with the hummus and pita (I could eat just this and be thrilled) and the tha dig. Entree Chicken Barg was fabulous.\nI was pleasantly surprised to see the bill was under $400. Including wine and cocktails. Great place, I will be back.
I actually come here pretty often. Don't know why. Restrooms are  such a mess they should clean it more often. Service is not bad but not good they should hire more people cause they are always busy but only have 2 or 3 people tending to customers. We didn't get drinks until second plates. You have to pay extra for drinks, don't ask for water cause its nasty. They don't refill the good stuff, like the oysters and crab. You could be there at least and they won't refill them. I think its more of trick if they don't want to refill them they should just stop serving it cause thats why we are there for. Their egg roll are huge. Mongolian station is pretty good and fast. Salmon is good but often has bones. Nice location.
This is the kind of theatre you can wear blue jeans to.\n\nNow half of you just rolled your eyes at me and the other half stopped reading - probably because you are of the mindset that theatres = fancy and you don't want to live in a world where uncultured Canadian expats such as myself tromp around historical theatres in blue jeans.\n\nYou both would be wrong.\n\nBecause I too have lived the last thirty years equating trips to the theatre with decadence. Back home, I would genuinely look forward to a trip to a venue like Usher Hall, for those brief moments when I could stand in a beautiful dress, swirl a glass of wine and engage in small talk about the experimental nature of the current ballet before the lights dimmed and I shuffled my fancy ass self back to my fancy ass seat to take in some fancy ass theatre performance.\n\nI lived for those moments.\n\nWhich is why my glee towards blue jeans at Usher Hall hits me so strongly. Back home, I would have never imagined that a venue so beautiful, could so often tip the scales between casual and fancy arse moments. Sure, Usher Hall puts out many a reason to wear a beautiful dress and wax poetic about experimental artistic endeavors. But it also boasts a surprising amount of shows that one can arrive in jeans, swirl wine and settle into something as comfortable and casual as a book signing. \n\nCase in point, last night we went to see David Sedaris read at Usher Hall and I kept pointing out how lovely it was to see 1. a venue that size sell out for an author, 2. casually dressed folks chatting about books in such a beautiful setting and 3. a hugely diverse crowd of folks, all ages, comfortably spending their Monday night among good humour. The set up was simple - a man, a book, a podium - and yet it created a strangely intimate show for such a large space.\n\nI will definitely return to this venue in many an extravagant dress. I undoubtably look forward to that. But I must say, i'm tickled pink that I live in a city where I have the same amount of opportunities to arrive back here in whatever I happen to have worn that day. It speaks volumes to the personality of the city and makes for an easy five stars for such a unique venue.
This is probably my #1 go-to spot in the area. It's affordable and I never really have to wait long for the food. If you sign up for the text alerts you can get your first drink free. Today I came in with one of my coworkers and we had Brandon as our waiter. He was a nice young guy and got our food out to us pretty fast. I usually get a to go order every time I come in and have it for lunch or dinner later. I would highly recommend this place!
Surprisingly good Thai food in this hidden gem.\nCashew chicken. Shrimp chips with peanut sauce. Awesome!
I've been a long-term lover of their beer and was when I heard they were opening a venue on the street I live in, well, I was very chuffed! I've been in for drinks twice and one meal. The selection of beer is just alright. Of course, I&G features prominently, but I feel they could have a wider selection of beers on tap (compared to Red Squirrel or Hanging Bat for example). \n\nSomething that really bugged me on a Thursday late afternoon - I was meeting two people for a beer at 4pm and when we arrived we were told we couldn't have a booth as they were for eating only. They were all empty. I fought our corner and got one in the end, however, it was reluctantly given. \n\nPositive time - the food is very nice. I went with my Mum and there was one fault - the carrot and coriander soup had enough coriander in it to flavour 30 thai curries! We sent it back and they were very apologetic and admitted it was a wee bit strong. Anyway, that aside, my burger was spot-on and Mother-dear likes hers too. \n\nThe staff are generally very helpful (despite the booth thing) and keen to have a chat if you want it. \n\nThere's one over-riding thing for me though. The place is soul-less. I don't actually want to go there for a drink. I've been on two occasions just for drink with pals now and won't be rushing back. Very little atmosphere. It's all a bit clinical. Some may say too corporate. \n\nAnyway, it's perfectly pleasant, I think I was just hoping for more.
Best fast Mexican food place in the valley!  1000x better then filly-b's or any other place.  I love their breakfast burritos and their quesadilla can't be beat!  I wish they would advertise more because they could probably use the business!
Fat Tuesday is a tradition that we have up-kept for many years. \n\nWe get the Mango Margarita Yard for $11 plus a couple extra shots of rum for $1 each. One of this is enough to get us wasted for the rest of the night. Refill is only $9 too! \n\nThey have jello shots for $1 each. I may or may not have had a handful of those too. ;)\n\nThe bartender is nice and friendly and very helpful.
Visited the area and wanted to try this place after seeing the other reviews. Overall, I felt the customer service was subpar. I was directed to the board of nail colors, and no one offered to help me find a color. I had a new technician, Thomasyne. She asked her colleague if she was holding the foot nail filer the correct way while she was using it on me. Before the gel mani, I had to quickly use my phone, so she used hers. When I was finished, she was still on her phone as I was sitting there waiting for her. She then asked another colleague if the scrub needed to be done before or after the gel. Even I knew the answer to that! She's been at AEY for almost a week, and it would've looked more professional on her end if she prepped for what she needed to do ahead of time. The worst part is the job was not done well, and I unfortunately didn't have time for a redo. I hope the manager puts more time into training or shadowing her moving forward. At the end of my service, no one said goodbye or thank you for coming in. Maybe I get spoiled by that at my usual place
So it was my girl's Bday and I knew she would love a Nothing Bundt Cake...it is her favorite cake and there is a very good reason! This place has the most moist cake I have had in town, and their flavors are all awesome. Not only do they take your order over the phone and have it ready for pick up when you need it, but they also arrange it and decorate it for the occasion, free of charge! A friendly staff, a velvety moist cake, and awesome detail-oriented service makes this my favorite place for bday cakes.\n\nPS. Unsure what flavor to get? Try the white chocolate raspberry. It is out of this world.
Not a lot of places can touch large 22.5 wheels anymore. I happen to have 22.5's on my coach and I'm really glad that I found this place..Fast, friendly and most of all fair!\nThanks for the great service...I'll be back.
What a terrible dining experience! My girlfriend and I decided to try this restaurant because we wanted to go to a nice restaurant for our anniversary, and because we are both wine lovers. When we were seated at our table our server came over and started speaking in Spanish to us. Neither of us are very fluent in Spanish, so we kindly asked him if he could speak to us in English. His reply was "NO! You should know the language, so you must try". First of all, I realize that I should know a second language, but a fine dining restaurant is not the venue in which I'd like to buff up on my Spanish skills. \n\nNext came the wine . That was delicious, and the highlight of our experience. \n\nWhen our entrees arrived, the server did not leave. He asked us about the wine in Spanish, and made us try to reply to him in Spanish. He said "I'm not leaving until you say it correctly". Then he asked us where we were from and we replied "San Diego". He wanted to know how long the drive was. Then then went on to say "The reason I'm asking is because the girl that I was dating lived in San Diego, and we used to meet in Barstow or Victorville, get a hotel room, and then drive back our separate ways. Do you two think that I did the majority of the driving? It doesn't matter now though, she broke up with me...but whatever" First of all, yes...you did do the majority of the driving. Second of all, I don't want to hear about your sexual escapades while I'm trying to eat my dinner (which by the way was a terrible overcooked piece of pork). Not worth the money. \n\nGot back to the hotel after dinner, and about 4 hours later we were both very sick from the food and spent the rest of the night running to and from the bathroom. Take your money, and spend it elsewhere!
My husband and I wanted a laid back place to go for our first wedding anniversary, and we chose to come here! The food and service were excellent! We ordered the spinach dip as an appetizer, and loved it! For our main dishes, I ordered the crab cakes, and my husband got the steak tacos. Both meals were outstanding and our waitress was awesome! Can't wit to go back!!!
Decent coffee, good tea. The staff is nice and that's the most important thing, really. My only complaint is that sometimes,the wifi doesn't work, even if you have the login.
This is genius!  Like Chipotle but Greek food ....I created my own hummus bowl.  Big portions and tons of fresh options
I have been a customer of this great place since they first opened their old location in 2009. My Dad and I were regulars there for years. He is no longer around, but I am still a customer forever and everytime I go there I remember the old times I had with my old man. I recently relocated to New Orleans, so I can only eat there a few times a year. However, this clear cut is the best indian food around. I have eaten in California many times. The food is the best. Get the Lamb Boti Masala, Lamb Saag, anything lamb. The Goat is delicious. I am very good friends with the family and they treat all of their customers like family. I have been a regular at every indian restaurant in phoenix, and this clearly trumps them all. You will not be dissapointed coming here. In fact I have about ten friends that are regular customers still.
Okay food. Okay selection. Awful attitudes from the waitresses, almost as if we were an inconvenience. May go there again.
This hotel compared to some on the strip isn't as great as others.  With that said, the hotel is in a great location.  We stayed in the 700 sq. feet suite, which was a decent size, but the couch that it came with looked rather "used" and stained.  DISGUSTING!\n\nThe casino needs a renovation.  The browns and tans of the carpet and decor look drab.\n\nThe service is awesome, and the spa (request Andrew as a masseuse) was really nice.\n\nBut with all that, I think I'll stay elsewhere next time I am back in town.
Shrimp po'boy is my favorite! I love the decor and the cute menu board, I hope they keep it that way.
Oh what a beautiful place! I just wish we had gotten there early to get a seat on the patio near the water fountains. Between the four of us, we ordered pasta and steak and it was all great! I love the bread they bring out in the beginning with the olives spread....yummmmm!
This company gave the MOST reasonable quote. They were very honest and did a great job with my shower glass enclosure... and it was my first time remodeling my worn out bathroom! Absolutely happy with their service. I highly recommend Baja Glass.
We went to the Bellafornia Bakery Cafe. It is a new place and nicely decorated.\n\nThe servers were very friendly, but disorganized. Ordering anything was a big pain. I ordered a coffee, tea and a smoothie. The smoothie was half price for only 2 dollars.\n\nWould I go back? Maybe. There isn't any other cafe in the other area.
With the recent renovations, this is a worthy choice of a place to stay on "The Strip".  The hotel is at an excellent location, in the middle of the major casinos, hotel rates are very reasonable.  The rooms are clean and very roomy.  The views are great.\n\nThe front desk could be very busy, but with your Platinum or Diamond status, check in is no problem and moves very quickly.
First off. \n\nAMAZING service. Our server was both friendly and fast. They were very accommodating and caring. \n\nThe food was amazing. I had gotten the lemon big skinny pancake and it's was perfectly sweet and crispy on the edge and soft in the center. Perfect for just a light crepe\/pancake. \n\nThe blueberry waffle was light and crispy. Perfectly made and you can tell it wasn't made from a crappy box mix. I will definitely be returning
I haven't been here for two year because I kinda hate waiting in the line. However my friend was visiting last weekend and I thought this place is worth going. I was not surprised to see a line at as early as 5:10pm. We were let in around 5:25. Everyone that was let in at the same time was super experienced. They didn't even looked at the menu and ordered right away and what they ordered seemed super delicious and they finished way sooner than my friend and I. We ordered a salmon appetizer, yakitori, chicken bimbimbap and ice cream. All of them were delicious. Besides the regular items on the menu, they had more written on the wall. I would definitely try those next time. I would suggest sitting at the bar if you are only one person or with one friend since you could see how the chefs work in the kitchen - they cooperated with each other very well!
I just moved to TO and needed a new salon.  They had a groupon so I decided to give them a shot.  \n\nThe groupon did not provide the service it said it would, and I was only told once I was in the seat.  Their definition of straightening is apparently a keratin straightening treatment that they claim keeps your hair straight for 4 months, but actually only smooths frizz and you still need to straighten everyday.  Blatant deception.\n\nThey charged me 80 dollars for a dry hair cut (do people even do that?). \n\nThe hairstylist was nice, but I wasnt happy with the cut or the treatment.  She spent the whole time checking her cellphone to ensure she had a ride home, which made me feel rushed.\n\nI called to complain and got put on hold for more than 10 mins twice (at which point I hung up) and then I wrote a politie email indicating my concerns and hoping we could work something out.  They never bothered to respond.\n\nThe section of the salon I saw was also noticeable dusty, so I am not sure what their cleaning routine is...\n\nIf you value your hair- go anywhere else.
This was my first day club in Vegas and it wasn't too bad. It was three of us girls on the guest list. When you're on the guest list, you can get in free before 2pm. We got there by 1:15 pm and the line was super long but we only waited 20 minutes. A tip I can give you is: only bring your wallet or lip gloss because the security up front went through every pocket in my purse and threw out my packs of gum, candy, energy pill, and allergy medicine. It was quite embarrassing having them put all the things in my purse on the table (literally) while everyone is looking at you. I thought I was going to a pool party not the airport?! There's got to be a better way to search our things without having the whole world watching you. Anyways, the music was good until Zedd took over then it was all techno which I completely hate. If you're into them then you would have a blast but that's not my style . We ended up leaving an hour and a half later.  \nWe went on Sat. 3\/26 and It wasn't too crowded and it was easy to find a spot to put our stuff down and dip our toes in the pool.  The staff was nice, the water didn't get as dirty as I thought it would, and the price for drinks is about the same price at the other clubs on the strip (1 shot of Patron is $18! Yikes!!).  I agree with other reviewers that the view of strip is lovely! Overall, it was a nice vibe.  The music was the only downside to me but I'll be back again in one week so I'll give this place another chance.
Dr. Libby and her staff are amazing, compassionate people.  My 10 year old son suffered a severe dental injury to his two front teeth at soccer practice.  I called and she saw us immediately that evening.  I was humbled by how she comforted him and was able to save the two front teeth with a procedure that same night.  Her staff is amazing as well.  Even after hours, after a long day of work, they showed him TLC I'll never forget.  Dr. Libby is just a special person...I can tell she is passionate about her job and she cared for my son as if he were her child.   Just amazing.  Highly recommend her!
You want weapons? We're in a library. Books are the best weapon in the world. This room's the greatest arsenal we could have. Arm yourself!"  ~The Doctor (Doctor Who "Silence in the Library")\n\nI've been wanting to visit a library lately.  \nI've set myself up for a book a week challenge this year, in an effort to read more often.  \n\nSome of my fondest memories involve books, and going to the library with my sister and grandmother, but as an adult, I've found it hard to make time to read.\n\nI finally made my way over on Saturday, about 5:15pm, close to closing time.\n\nI was helped by a polite young lady, who got me set up with a new Library Card (my old one hadn't been used in about 6 years.).  It was quick and easy.\n\nI'll admit, this location is pretty small.  I wasn't able to find a few of the books that I really wanted to read, but I also was rushing a bit. \n\nI picked up 2 books (2 item limit on your first visit.), used the self checkout, and was set!\n\nConsidering I'm already done with one, and almost halfway done with the second, I visited the library's website and have set up an ILL (Interlibrary Loan) for one of the books I couldn't find.  I can't wait to go back!  I'll also be picking up the Yelp Book Club books here, I think...save myself a little money!!
Strolled in on a Friday afternoon because the animals out back caught my eye. Bartender acknowledged me immediately even though she was busy serving other customers for a short time. After getting a perfectly cold beer and checking out the beasts, the owner strolled through handing out free donuts to each and every guest. \n\nLove the atmosphere, love the good customer service, love the cold beer n steers :)
I loved the food but the wait was too long and when we ordered a takeout we were not allowed to eat there which was a little disappointing in spite of the bar space (which I believe is one) being open. I ordered the lonely bird and my husband ordered the miyagi san's grass feb burger and they both tasted awesome! Only downside was I asked my burger without the tomatoes and they gave me one with tomatoes in it.
Had a recent event held at T-Bones. The venue is absolutely gorgeous and outside patio area is breathtaking.  Although the food matched that of strip Steakhouse pricing, the Ribeye was delicious. The service was good and the overall experience was nice. 4 stars!
Quite worried about the large portions after reading the reviews, but the sun-dried tomato with goat cheese scrambled egg omelette came in a manageable quantity, and was definitely enough to kick-start a day in Vegas. \nFluffy scrambled egg was what you'd expect from any good quality American breakfast, and the hazelnut mocha overflowing with goodness was a nice complement. \nThough the line to get in was long and it was a busy morning, once in the servers were prompt, polite and attentive. Definitely worth a visit if you stay on the strip.
Most of the time it's awesome and great but there is some random times I ordered wings and came really over cooked.
Very thorough inspection, I was personally showed each issue! Super helpful overall, great customer service!
I'm sure Dr. Gentile is a fine doctor and a good person but when when my husband and I were interviewing pediatric offices I found Dr. Gentile to be annoyed by our questions about alternative shot schedules and he stated that they only follow the APA's vaccine schedule and then he proceeded to tell me what horrible things might happen to my baby should we not follow the schedule. \n\nI understand that vaccines are important but we chose a different pediatric office because we live an organic lifestyle and chose to go with a variation of Dr. Sears' shot schedule (our kiddos do get all of the shots, just more spread out), and this other office was willing to work with us. Dr. Gentile's office was just not right for us.\n\nBy the way, we chose to go with Desert Shores Pediatrics, they are great!!!
This is my third time in Vegas this year. This was my "Vegas bucket list" item and I made it happen this trip. Absolutely no word is fit to describe this place....experience is the only word that might be close. We were treated like royalty by every single person there. We didn't know what to order so they asked us a price range and ridiculously good looking people kept bringing us bites of all the items on the menu until we begged them to stop (I wanted to keep going because it was borderline orgasmic, but my stomach wouldn't let me!). The music was outstanding. And the side show....well, when we finally noticed it (there's sooooo much beauty all around you get lost in the moment a lot) and asked our waiter he grabbed us like we were his best friends and took us on to our next adventure. I didn't want to leave ever. I'll be back every time I go.  I must say this was in my top 5 nights of my life. Quite possibly in the top 2.
Decent Mexican food.  Actually not all that exciting.  The burrito chicken is a little rough, though the other parts of the burrito\/meal (cheese\/wrap\/guac\/beans\/rice) helped make up for that.\n\nAlso they gave out chips and salsa at the beginning and a cinnamon chip at the end, so that was nice.\n\nAll in all, ok.
Just my first time back to this restaurant in two years. I was shocked at the difference in service and food. The fish was burnt to a crisp the chicken was super dry. Even the service at slacked off terribly. Looks like I need to find a restaurant
The Sunday brunch is delicious. You can order as much as you want of tapa style plates. The quality of the food is high. Unfortunately the service was severely lacking. We waited quite a while for every round of food and even for beverages, got food before drinks!  We were served food we hadn't ordered & sometimes didn't get food we did order. They started bringing desserts we hadn't ordered when we were still waiting on more entrees, then when we ordered churros for dessert we never got them.  If the service could parallel the food, it would be epic but the poor service very much hurts the experience.
1st visit ever. Made to order breakfast burrito with loads of sausage and eggs. I liked the light green sauce at the salsa bar on it. Great burrito wrap. I will be back to try the tacos.
Recently purchased a Kia Soul.  Upon arriving we were met by a gentleman, Carlos.  He began asking some questions.  Knowing what we were looking for, and not wanting to be badgered by a sales person, we told him what we wanted and that we would be out back looking through the fleet.  Carlos followed us out.  The discussion continued as Carlos went out of his way to help us find  the car, without being pushy. SHOCKING!! He drove to the back of the lot to see various cars.  During this time we chatted and learned about the car I was interested in purchasing.  He went with us and answered all our questions.  Great guy, decent buying experience.  spent over six hours with Carlos and can honestly say I will by my next car from him.  Super nice and knows the business.  I love my new Soul!  Thanks Carlos!!!
Hifi is fun for Sunday funday debauchery but their customer service is awful. I lost my phone one day while I was there and the whole situation was a complete nightmare. I called and asked in-person on at least three separate occasions if anyone turned in my phone. The answer was no so I bought a new phone. About a month later I was informed that my phone was in fact there. They told me to come pick it up or it would be donated. Even then, it was like pulling teeth to get it because when I tried to pick it up, I was told again that they didn't have it. This was after they called me.. Somehow it made its way across the street to bottled blonde. Through this entire process, not one person was apologetic or even seemed to care. Thanks Hifi.
Giving it 4 stars. Me and my straight fiancé went for a fun night out on the strip because we got free tickets. Wasn't sure what to expect. Mostly gay guys in the audience but there were some bachelorette party groups and birthdays too. The opening act was hilarious. The two guys were funny too. The "pelican" was my favorite. Laughed the whole time. My fiancé was in physical pain watching what these guys were doing with their man parts!! It's not sexual at all just funny. We got free admission and drink tickets to the club next door so went there after. There are no drinks served at the Puppetry Show ... You have to go next door. The only negative thing I have to mention is the seats. They were wooden and really hurt my back. Besides that it was awesome. I would recommend it to an open minded person who needs a laugh!!!
I could walk to the heart of Fremont street in under two minutes! We reserved a suite and it was much nicer than we expected for being a hotel on Fremont. The room seemed to be newly renovated and was very luxurious. The pool was very nice and there were lots of comfy lounge chairs to sun bathe on. My husband really enjoyed the record player that was in the room, it really added to the unique experience.
This probably was an amazing show 15 years ago. Now, technology and children's attention span has changed. In the beginning and middle of it they show extremely outdated video clips. I would expect more quality for a show in Vegas. Also, through a lot of the show, the performers weren't into it. When performing for kids, one should be animated in both body and face. It was a little too slow and scattered for me, and I ended up falling asleep in the middle. \n\nBut I just have to give it up to the animals, most of the acts went well!! Just wished there were more acts with them in it. He stepped on one of the doggies tails though @_@ poor puppy...
My girlfriends Dad set us up to eat here during a trip in April for my Birthday, and all I can say is wow!  The Service, the menu everything was great, I can't say enough about the steaks and the crab legs are amazing too.  All in all I would highly recommend this steak house to anyone visiting Las Vegas.  Thanks again for the great memories I will return.
Ordered over the phone, right off the bat told them I had an allergy to cheese\/milk\/butter, went through a few items on the menu I ended up not being able to have. Ordered a pizza, just BBQ sauce, chicken & onions.  Paid to have it delivered to our hotel, when my boyfriend brought it up to our room, I noticed it was a regular cheese pizza with chicken and BBQ sauce on top. Called and let them know, the pizza was incorrect, I was told that was the standard for that pizza, a manager would call me about 3 hours later when their shift started to resolve the problem. About an hour after they were supposed to call, I gave them another ring. That's when Ruth answered the phone, I explained the situation and she told me that no manager was scheduled until the next day! She went out of her way to contact the manager on their time off, and got us a (correct) free 12" BBQ chicken pizza. I am BEYOND SATISFIED with Flamingo Pizza and Ruth for going out of her way to fix the problem. Recommending this place to everyone, pizza was great so I will be coming back :)
I love this place, some things haven't changed in awhile. When you first walk in theres always something. Last time I was there it was National Geographic, pictures from all over the world. Breathtaking. I also really enjoy the planetarium and gift shop.
I would not normally write a review about mall food...it is what it is, if you eat mall food you generally know what to expect. \n\nHowever I have to give a shout out to Yogen Fruz for being awesome at enabling me to have frozen treats and stick to my diet! \n\nAs others have said the yogurt can be a little tangy so you need the fruit to balance it out. The mint choc was rather tasty!
One of the best organic eatery in the east valley! Friendly staffs. They often host different events to benefit the local art and vegetarian community! Five thumbs up.
I booked this hotel for the pool and club moon. both of which were closed for "private parties" throughout my entire stay! very disappointed! I have been to palms before but never stayed. it always seemed like a lively, fun atmosphere, staying here was a different story! besides that the room was nice and clean. staff very friendly! room service was delicious!! Nove restaurant inside was amazing! \n\nif only the pool and moon had not been shut down I would have loved this place but they didn't even have enough seating at the lame pool to accommodate the inconvenience!
Last night my wife and I went into Roku (where we haven't gone in quite some time) and had a great experience. We travel a lot during the summer so we do not get a lot of time to go to our favorite spots. Roku is one of them and it was unreal. Jon served us a complex order and gave us some great recommendations that my wife loved! Happy wife is happy life! Thank you to Roku and the staff
Ok found a real good ice cream place. And best of all they had a special for $1.00 scoops!   The ice cream is freshly made and is really good. I will definitely be back.
This is the worst yet.  The owner thinks that he is the only one Chinese restaurant in Brampton and vicinity. True, and you are also the #1 in everything: #1 in worst  service, #1 in worst of lousy Chinese food, #1 in worst of staff attitude and the best of all the owner's attitude towards his patrons, he picks the patrons to acknowledge them even thought we supported him since grand opening, we were there for a numbers of years and we still being ignored.  Read on this is not only happened to us alone. They proud themselves of being the first full sized restaurant in Brampton and they should proud themselves of the worst in Brampton and area.  We stopped going there. I usually give good reviews to restaurants but this one is off of my list to dine in. Not now , not in the future.  Mississauga has many far much better.  If Yelps has a minus rating they will get the lowest minus score.\n\nPS.  Check your checks before you pay.  Chances are you're being overcharged. Happened many times.  It was a joke when I took the check to the purple haired lady behind the counter, she laugh as it was being normal.
We have been to this Italian eatery quite a few times. We ate in a booth for 2 people in the bar area because one of us wanted happy hour drinks & food. Happy Hour is from 4-6pm in the bar area or patio. A martini is $6. and a 8" pizza is $6.\nBread with balsamic & vinegar is served to every table and was very fresh tasting.\nThe special on Mondays & Tuesdays is spaghetti & meatballs for $5.99. Our server Rafael was excellent, just the right amount of checking back with us and was on top of his game.\nI did see a "guy" who looked like a manager in a blue shirt(younger guy) there were 2 managers  in blue shirts. The younger guy seemed to be on his phone behind the bar and at the register area too often. Wasn't really bothering me,but if there is a problem with something in the restaurant I am not sure how he would handle it, as he was not really paying attention to his surroundings at work. I should never see an employee on their personal phone while I am dining.\nParking is in the lot by Fry's grocery store, can get busy at times in the parking lot, Arby's seems to have too many signs reserving parking.
Enjoyed a wonderful meal. All items were plated with great care and presentation. Would recommend to anyone.
YUM YUM YUM!\nI love this place because it's such a fun college bar with super cheap drinks and fantastic service.  It's a divey place with a cheesy tiki atmosphere but they have bomb nachos and delicious pina coladas!\n\nDrinks:\nThey only have two drinks on tap. I believe it's Bud Light and a local WI brew. BF opted for the local fare and I had a pina colada. I love places that serve pina coladas because not many do. I received a HUGE plastic beer cup full of perfectly frozen and blended ice (and I'm assuming pina colada mix) for only $6!  They also have shot specials and other divey bar drinks. My drink tasted amazing and I could definitely have more except I was full from eating so much on our trip.\n\nFood:\nWe split the nachos. The cheese which is reminiscent of pool nachos or movie theatre cheese was actually tasty. I'm not sure if they use a certain brand being that this place is in WI but it tasted much better than the "orange stuff" places usually have. The nachos were filling but was missing sour cream and tomatoes (think pica de gallo). \n\nService:\nIncredible. Super fast. The bartender actually left the bar to seat us and take our order. Loved that our tables were cleared quickly. \n\nWill definitely return next time we're in town. I'm already craving that pina colada!
Terrible customer service. Technician installed the dish on our neighbors roof (it's a townhouse). This was about 6 months ago. He didn't ask us where we wanted it, he just did it. Unfortunately for us we didn't think much about it at the time because it is pretty much in the same spot as the old one except the old one was mounted to our side. This one is bolted into the neighbors roof. Our neighbors asked us to move it which they have every right to ask. When I called Direct TV they said no problem but are charging us $49 to do it even though it was their mistake. Plus we have been customers for 16 years.  And I can't even cancel because we upgraded in January and have a 2 year contract. We have the most expensive package too. That is going to change to the cheapest until I can cancel Direct TV completely.  Oh and we are responsible for any repairs on the neighbors roof unless we want to jump through hoops to see if maybe Direct TV will pay for it.
Went to see Earth Wind and Fire with Chicago last night. Great concert great seats we haven't been to this place for a minute. But great place for concert. \n\nLet's discuss Lexus Club. Place is a joke. $75.00 to get in as they claim VIP. VIP of what ? You still have to pay for your drinks. Had food but needed some kind of voucher. Others  were making bad comments also. Will never do that again. \n\nBut I will return for a concert.
Came here for their bbq duck... it was pretty good.  One of the only places in the area offering Bbq meats.
I have nothing but good things to say about Le Parloir. Though I do have some words of warning: don't bring your rambunctious toddler here like I did.  Not that anyone would make a fuss: the ladies working were amazing and the fellow customers seemed delighted by him. The staff provided a high chair, a tiiiiiny milk bottle and paper straw, and overall treated my little man like a king. And he loved the food! But meanwhile I was on edge, making sure he didn't grab anything unsafe, or eat the salt right out of the salt shaker, because apparently my kid loves salt. He's pretty special. But tiny baby? Well behaved small child that would be delighted to go to a tea party? Bring 'em along!  It will be a great experience!\n\nA friend and I were investigating having a baby shower here, so we each got the "Plateau de the" to try it out. Five sweet and five savory treats, served on a three tier platter and a pot of tea of your choice. So good! I'm still imagining the warm scone, served with cream and preserves.  Everything else was great too: cucumber sandwiches, duck confit on toasted bread, Pana cotta and on and on. I could see myself slipping over on a rare free afternoon to drink tea, eat scones and read by myself.  Paradise!\n\nThe decor is just gorgeous.  Lots of food, fancy china, fresh flowers.  Nestled into the mostly residential Christophe Colomb near Marie-Anne, it's a little treasure!
This place is MIND BLOWING!\n\nA creepy jewel in the dark alleys of Swissvale.
Thank-you fellow Yelpers for writing about this place. I would have never paid a visit to this secluded cafe if it weren't for your reviews. I was very pleased with the blueberry pancakes that I had ordered. Talk about a forkful of antioxidants with each bite!  My friend that I came in with was not too happy about the pineapple upside pancake that she chose, due to the batter not being cooked all the way through.\n\nThe waitress we had was awesome.  There was a 5k run that had just wrapped up nearby and many of the participants came here to refuel afterward. Our waitress was sincerely apologetic with the wait my friend and I endured with having our order taken along with the delivery of our food.  I felt she did a great job with holding her composure with the unexpected Sunday morning rush. \n\nLastly, I liked how Tryst's breakfast menu had several gluten free options. I work alongside many folks that have a gluten intolerance. Its nice to know there's another place in The Valley that they can dine at.
I ordered the flowers easily online and the arrangement was more beautiful in person than pictured. I will definitely use them again.
Cozy, clean and artsy. \nAlways friendly, great service. Hand shaken milk teas, variety of slushes and toppings. Quality teas.
Small taco place , the tacos were decent . They could of added more stuff in the small tacos that were given.And I love when my food is hot , and the food was warm . The rice was hot though . Anywaysss . :)  I wasn't really satisfied !!
Tried Braddock's for a second time, this time for dinner. Overall food was ok, fairly unspectacular especially considering the $80 bill for 2. \n\nPlanned on ordering the Trenne Carbanera listed on their website but it was mysteriously absent from the menu upon arriving. Prices and descriptions are slightly off on several instances as well. Decided to go with the Amish Chicken and my date had the Steak Frites. As mentioned earlier food wasn't bad by any means, I've just had substantially better for far less a price tag. As far as descriptions go the chicken came with polenta, asparagus, onions, - as in nothing like what is described on their website. It's correct on the menu in the restaurant however so I did know what I was ordering at the time. \n\nDessert was home-made smores - which isn't even listed on the web dessert menu. Again, just kinda meh. For $8 not exactly a splitable dessert portion wise either. \n\nI definitely left more satisfied from lunch and at a much smaller price tag and therefore will probably just stick to visiting for lunch every now and then or possibly order from the pub menu for dinner and not much else looks appetizing there. The Pittsburgh Rueben seems to be the only saving grace.....
HERE IS THE THING:\n\nMany hotels on or near the strip have a theme.\nTreasure Island has - pirates\nThe Luxor which is giant pyramid has - Egyptians\nExcalibur has - knights\nCircus Circus has - er a circus\n\nThe Hilton from the outside is just a giant beautiful resort. No theme.\nSo when I went to the bar and called the bartender I was a little suprised when\nA FUCKING KLINGON CAME OVER AND YELLED AT ME IN KLINGON\n\nSeriously Hilton people. You have to give a little heads up to people about the Star Trek theme. When a Borg taps you on the shoulder if you're old or just  a pussy like some people, it's possible to have a heart attack.\n\nThe Sports Book had no aliens in it however and was the best place ever to watch a Sox game. The had hundreds of GIANT TV's everywhere. It was awesome.\n\nHuge pool - No skinnydipping\n The rooms are big and comfortable. \n    Also guys if you just ask nicely every morning for some free buffet comps you may not have to pay to eat. The Sunday brunch was the best. \nThe monorail is right there to get you up and down the strip so use it.\nThere are two 4 one coupons everywhere and an all day pass was 9 bucks. It's so cheap you can bring a Ferengi when you go out. Leave the Vulcans home though. They're lame.
This Taco Bell use to get you in and out with the quickness. I've been here 3 times in the last 2 weeks and it takes 10-15 mins to get your order. The girl says they don't have enough ppl but with minimum-wage being so high you think people would be flocking to these jobs. It's faster to go to another TB than this one.
Stumbled into this gem on a Tuesday night after an hour of heavy mixed drinking\/lottery playing at NYNY. Holy crap they had Dim Sum but even with a heavy buzz there's no way my cheap behind was going to throw $7.95 at a measly six pieces of Shiu Mai. That's a good ten minutes of play at the penny slots, my friend. \n\nI usually pick at food like an anorexic chipmunk but hot damn! Tonight I single-handedly murdered a whole plate of pineapple fried rice as my bf and cousin watched in amazement. Siriachi sauce and about ten watered-down amfs will do wonders for stomach expandment. That little switch that triggers you to stop eating 'cuz you're full? Never turned on. I was two bites from exploding like a retarded goldfish.\n\nYeah, you can get just-as-tasty chinese food in LA for a fraction of the price, but for the location and the portions, I'd most definitely stop by again if I'm staying at the NYNY. Word!
Non-traditional but still delicious noodle dishes, with top notch service. The prix fixe lunch is an amazing deal for such quality ingredients.\n\n+ Pork and Shrimp Fried Wontons were fried so crisply it shattered in your mouth. The juicy filling was the perfect texture with the delicate skin. I didn't care for the dipping sauce and the wontons didn't need any additional flavor.\n+ Ku Monk Noodles are almost vegetarian, with assorted Asian veggies floating in a vegetable broth next to a poached egg. The broth turns a wonderful creamy color and texture when the egg is popped, exposing the dark yellow, almost orange yolk. I didn't miss animal protein at all.\n+ The best service I've had in any of the restaurants at the SLS Hotel. Jenna is friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, and proactive in timing the next course. Her service was head and shoulders above anywhere else at the SLS, including the fancy-pants restaurants Katsuya and Cleo.
Ok --  I'm not sure if my husband and I went on an off night or if our waiter was the one that just didn;t make this a "5 Star" experience for us.  Not sure...\n\nWe got there and just LOVED the lady that greeted us (owner?  she was amazing).  Our table wasn't quite ready but, hey, thats ok!  I was ready for a drink at the bar and I was looking pretty good so I thought I'd be the vamp at the bar that night.  What a cute restaurant!!  The Bartender was AWESOME and had a shot of Limoncello with us.  We loved him immediately.\n\nWe sat down, and our waiter came over.  An older dude that was very sweet and he told us our specials.  We split the Beef Carpaccio and it was very good -- a little low on salt -- but very yummy.  \n\nI had the scampi special and my hubby had the Wild Boar Tagliatelli -- yummy but missing something.  My Scampi was really not as flavorful as I would have liked -- but it was good.  You can tell the pasta is fresh and I just love that.\n\nOur waiter left us alone for a long time and didn't check back as often as I would have liked.  At the end, he only brought the dessert tray and did not tell us about all the other ice cream flavors they had.  I had to tell him -- because I heard it from all the other waiters when they told their tables.  Now wassup with that?  Also, we were told by the bartender that we get a complimentary shot of limoncello at the end of our meal.  Never happened.  All the other tables did get one though -- so I think it was just our guy.\n\nThere will be a second visit -- and I will make sure we get a different waiter.  I really wanted to love this place and the first visit didn't let me love it
Great place, my 4 year old son loves it! Jake in the bird area was extra helpful and kind. He even took our picture for us. We will definitely be back! It's not super big, but we spent a few hours here, and my son had a great time, be careful not to miss exhibits, we almost left without noticing the hallway to the birds and the playground where the tortoise was.
I had to kill some time around 8 on an Thursday and stopped by Sporting Life.\nYes it's higher end and yes parking can be crazy (if you go anywhere good parking ain't a cinch) but there are designer deals to be had and as they have been know for (since my parents shopped with us there in the 80's) friendly helpful staff, young and old alike and all smiles.\nThis is a classic Toronto landmark and I got something for myself both kids and my beautiful wife!\nBut it wasn't cheap
I've gone here a few times because the location is convenient, but it's really average. It's untidy (not full fledged dirty) and the food is only ok. I've had the eggs\/bacon or peameal\/ w\/ toast\/potatoes. It's somewhat bland but they give you a lot of food. The price is alright for the amount of food. Again, I mainly go because it's close to my condo and I don't have to pay for parking.
I used to come here a few years ago when it was Brian's Beach. When I heard it closed down, I was sad and found myself lost and confused... Then we saw that this joint opened and took over. I was very skeptical at first to try this place, but I am glad I did! :) if you liked Brian's beach, I believe they kept the same menu.\n\nMy bf and I are now frequent visitors of this place. They have stamp cards, which entices us to come back because once you get 10 stamps, you will win a grand prize of eating one free ayce meal! We tried pretty much everything on the menu and haven't been disapointed. Also, if you don't want to order a whole roll and want to attempt to try everything on the menu, ask them to do half rolls. Half rolls are 4 pieces, so you don't fill up so quickly on just one roll of 8 pieces,\n\nThe service is impeccable and the waitresses are incredibly friendly. They are always on it, from refilling your drinks, to making sure you get everything you order. The place is small, so if it gets crowded, be expected to wait.  I feel as if the service is great, the food taste that much better. Haha.
Im so excited that more n more of Korean BBQ places are popping up in Phoenix! Its been open for 6 weeks now and we finally get to try this place out. \n\nIts a friday night, so Its kinda crowded and seems like all the young kids are flocking here for some good grindz! Which is so nice to see and to tell you the truth Its so nice being amongs different ethnicities! \n\nWe probably waited no more than 10-15 min - gave me and my kane some time to talk stories while we waited!\n\nCustomer service is da bomb, everybody is so nice even through the hectic rush. Alex\/Sharon and the rest of the staff are on top of it- i love coming to a restaurant where everyone helps each other out - thats how it should be! \n\nThe all you can eat is just simply amazing and tasty, Except for the baby octopus.. Lol! Couldnt acquire the taste! But, we ordered A1- which is everything and sooo cheap, only $28.00.. gosh, back home in Honolulu you'll be paying easy $50.00 for half of whst we ate... Lol\n\nIll be back .... loving mesa
A cute tearoom with lots of charm. I went there today with a friend for lunch. I had the half of a sandwich with soup, chicken salad sandwich and mushroom soup. My friend opted for a bowl of the mushroom soup and some bread. We both agreed that the mushroom soup was a bit salty and there wasn't  enough mushrooms in it. My sandwich was super delicious though. And my friend loved the herby butter that came with her bread. We decided to have tarts for dessert. I loved my white chocolate raspberry tart and the jam that accompanied it. My friend, on the other hand, was disappointed. The staff seemed friendly but reserved. It was a nice lunch and while I'm from out of state, I wouldn't might coming back.
I've dined here 3 times and have to admit that I can't get past the fish taco!  YUM!  Crunchy, flavorful--So yummy!  There are many other treats to try at this establishment.  The decor is fun, seating in a booth is comfortable with others and the service is always consistently right on.  They will do for you whatever it takes!  You place your order, and it's there in hardly no time at all.  Fresh!
I hosted a 25 person surprise party at 5th and Wine in December and the staff was amazing! I'd been trying to plan this event for some time and most bars\/restaurants were not willing to accommodate a large party without a set menu or minimum spend. 5th and Wine was more then happy to host us. They set us up in the back dining room which was the perfect spot.\nWhen my friend was arriving they went around and closed all the curtains so she wouldn't see in. Our waitstaff was on top of it. They did a great job. The food and wine were great as always. Great solution for a large party!
I've only ever had layovers here so I do not know how parking, etc is. Lots of different shops and food places and the bathrooms are always clean because they have attendants. Depending on what gate, you may have a good walk ahead of you so be prepared.
This place was great! The atmosphere walking up is so nice! I wish they had our door seating for the fall-spring seasons because that'd be perfect. Sushi was fresh tasting and the pricing was excellent.
One of the best Lebanese food restaurants in Las Vegas! Happy to have it in my neighborhood.
Called for a same-day appointment, and within a couple of hours, J.D. was at our door. We couldn't have asked for better customer service! He was extremely diligent and went above and beyond to help us. We will definitely be calling Anytime Plumbing and asking for J.D. the next time we have an issue.
I'm a big fan of hot and sour soup, and a bit of a snob about it since I have eaten so much of it. At first I didn't think I would like the soup when it came out because I tend to like broth that is darker and richer looking, and this broth seemed a little light for my tastes (I want a hybrid broth + sauce) but it was delicious! Flavorful and chock full of good things, I was definitely a fan. I also got some fried dumplings that were pretty good, although there's a place in Huntington Beach that makes them just the way I like them and I have yet to find a good replacement, and my brother got a beef dish that he really enjoyed. All in all it was a good experience, very authentic, and the people were nice albeit not overly friendly.
This evening I witnessed the worst possible thing a parent that has a child in daycare could ever see...a teacher abusing a child. \n\nWhen I went to pick up my daughter today, she was in a highchair feeding herself a bottle. There was another child sitting next to her in a highchair and a third child crying on the ground on a play mat. I picked up my daughter out of the highchair and gathered her things. I made small talk with the teacher for a few minutes and told her to have a nice afternoon. She responded with "oh I will as soon as I get him (the child on the ground) to stop crying)". She then placed him in the highchair my daughter was in and gave him a few toys. As I was leaving with my daughter, I turned back around in the doorway and witnessed the teacher violently shake the child in a highchair. \n\nWith like everything she had in her. She shook the shit out of that child a good 7-10 times. \n\nShe noticed me looking in the door and slowed down to make it appear like she was rocking him. I could feel my eyes immediately fill with tears. \n\nI took off with my daughter and called my husband right away to tell him what happened. I then called and reported the teacher to the school director. I was told she would report the teacher and follow the correct processes to inform corporate. Which would involve written documentation and leading to possible termination. \n\nNot good enough in my book! I have pulled my daughter out of this daycare and am getting a refund for the week. I also requested that the parents of the child be informed. The director said she would, but who knows? \n\nUnfortunately, this daycare does not have cameras. So, I don't know how serious they will take my claim. All I know is there is no way my daughter will EVER be going back to this daycare. \n\nI am so upset and terrified to think if anything has happened to my daughter or any of the other children that has gone unnoticed. Thank god I saw what I did today and was able to get her out before any more possible abuse occurred. \n\nI'm still in shock. I hope this never happens to anyone else. I would give zero or negative starts if possible. I understand one bad apple does not mean the entire orchard is contaminated. But, it's important that a daycare foster a positive work environment for their teachers and have policies in place to ensure this type of things never happens. Not only is the teacher at fault for her actions, but so is the director and corporate.
Favorite weekly restaurant for my family.   As a Arizona native I can say that this is great everyday Mexican food and they never disappoint.
If Barrio is to Chipotle and Momocho is to Qdoba, then Nuevo is to Moe's. As such, the food is poorer yet more expensive than its competitors. Or worse, the quesadilla reminded me of Taco Bell's crunchwrap supreme that I've had in the past, which isn't the Ratatouille-like nostalgic experience I'm looking for. The open kitchen in front of the tables kind of brings about a fast food vibe in itself. Moreover, it's a bit loud and hectic inside. \n\nThe tacos with the pineapple slaw were slightly better, but el pollo isn't anything special. Furthermore, the (black) beans and rice, especially, were cold. \n\nOtherwise, the waiters are friendly. Although the germaphobe inside me screeched as they grabbed our water cups by the rim of the glass, and didn't provide straws unless one asked for the unwrapped straws that they, being nice, touched and put inside the drinks themselves. \n\nNonetheless, it's certainly a good spot for drinks and some beach volleyball on the pier. There are plenty of tables out front along with a second-floor patio where one can take in a stunning view of downtown Cleveland. Additionally, the impressive design of the building pulls one in to make a stop.
PITIFUL! I work in the restaurant industry................\n\nI'd give no stars if I could. \n\nThe manager present was a JOKE. First of all, we walk in and there's 2 bags of lettuce laying on the table next to the soda machine. Sounds appetizing right? Completely unfriendly staff, texting on their phones AT THE REGISTER IN FRONT OF THE MANAGER. Trash everywhere, I wouldn't lick the floor for a million dollars!! \n\nNot only did they incorrectly make our sandwich, but they also made the subs on the stainless steel counter with nothing underneath!! Judging by the cleanliness and standards of this place - we will never go back. \n\nLastly, after observing the staff and management - 20 minutes later the lettuce remained on the table!!! The chip display was sparse. The manager walked by several times and didn't even think to put it away and out of sight of customers. He was small talking the employees about a party..standing there...all of them doing nothing. Sweep the floor? Restock the chips? WIPE DOWN THE COUNTERS? Refill the soda area? \n\nThis place is mediocre at best.
Wow. Excellent food. Green chiles are the best. We always order extra chips and salsa because they are so addictive. If you like New Mexican in the style of Los Dos Malinos, you'll love this place.
I got one of the worst haircuts in recent memory at this place - which i found strange, seeing as it was the most expensive haircut i've ever had.  There was a huge long chunk of hair at the back which my wife had to cut off.  Go to either proper stylist, or a cheap barber - this place is the worst of both worlds.\n\nI should mention that the guy who cut my hair was young and inexperienced AND HE TOLD me as much.  Not what i expect from a fancy haircut.
Fun drinking game: take a shot every time a yelper playfully incorporates "Me Gusta Tacos" in their review. \n\nAnYwHoO ~ Let it be known that the day I visited Me Gusta Tacos was the day I borderline overdosed on their delicous churros. \n\nCARAMEL CHURRO ($2.50) - 5\/5 - Me gusta tacos pero me gusta churros tambien!\nYES, i know tacos are in their name but trust me their CHURROS ARE DROOL WORTHY and you can choose from a handful of fillings! Pipin' hot, generously coated in sugar and spice - yup it's everything nice in a churro. Better than Costco 4 sho. I ate 4 of them and took a dank nap after~ no ragrets. \n\nTHE ACTUAL FOOD: As their wall states, their food is simple, but it's scrumptious. \n\nTACOS - 1 for $3.50, 3 for $9.50, 6 for $18. It's a step above my normal taco budget but you're paying for quality bruh! OH AND FREE CHIPS! Raid their salsa fridge to douse your chips and you'll be a happy camper.\n\nFISH TACO - 5\/5 - I'm not a big fan of wasabi, but their wasabi crema that lubricated the fish married the cabbage and cilantro nicely. The fish was flaky and delicious. Note that it's grilled, not battered and deep fried like most typical fish tacos - good move for the health conscious. Handmade corn tortillas? - made all the difference!\n\nMISSION BURRITO ($8)- 4.5\/5 - Rice, pico, guac, cheese and your choice of meat - i got the kalbi. Love how they toast their burritos so there's a subtle crunch. Check out my pic, SUPERB meat to rice ratio!!! My only complaint is that I felt like the kalbi asian flavor was lost with the other components on the burrito - i wish they had a more asian flavors-centered burrito that incorporated kimchi and\/or their asian slaw to complement the kalbi. Still a delicious burrito tho, can't deny that.\n\nWATERMELON MINT AGUA FRESCA ($3.50) - 5\/5 - Sublime when you overdose on their habanero salsa. Refreshing. 10\/10 would sip in vegas heat. No artificial flavorings here, this is the real deal.\n\nBONUS POINTS:\n- they serve local Vegas brewed beer!! WHAAT! \n- potted plants adorned on the wall = totez instagram worthy! \n- BREAKFAST SERVED ALL DAY!!\n- freeload off the Williams Sonoma free wifi hehheheh\n\nOVERALL: It's a delicious spin on quality, fresh Mexican food that even your yoga instructor will approve of. TRY IT!
Dropped in for  a quick coffee break. The coffee was extremely mild, but tolerable enough to drink. Our waitress was absolutely lovely and the place was inviting and comfortable. \n\nI tasted Irn-Bru for the first time!!!! Unfortunately, it tasted like carbonated cane syrup and had a bright orange...radioactive orange colouring. : (
Just plain fantastic. About 70% of the menu is not your typical Mexican fare... Excellent seafood options. Tried the shrimp peppers and wrapped in bacon. It was pretty darned good, but will try other items when I come back because there are literally 12+ must try dishes in their menu. The michalades (spelling) drink with tomato sauce and beer was super fantastic. Way better than a Bloody Mary and I love Bloody Mary's!!!
Sierra is my go to girl! She always does a fabulous job with my hard to manage mane.   Worth the drive out to Phoenix!
Awesome museum my kids loved it, and so did my dad! They have everything from panning for gold, rocks and minerals, dinosaurs, Native American history, to space , even an old jail. Not sure why others reviewed saying there wasn't enough sensory and hands on activities every area had something for the kids to draw, put the puzzles together etc. It was very in expensive for an educational day. Deff recommend it
2 stars for great pasta. Utterly atrocious service. Slow, inattentive, and disengaged at different times. It was busy, so we would have tolerated slow service but tossing the food and drinks on the table, forgetting drinks and utensils and not bringing things when asked was unforgivable. Mushy looking avocado on top of salad but rest was ok. Wouldn't return.
Bien que ce restaurant soit drôlement situé, nous adorons nous y rendre pour y prendre des plats pour emporter. Nous sommes toujours servis par le propriétaire jusqu'à présent et il est très gentil. J'aime connaître les gens derrière les endroits que je fréquente. Côté nourriture, c'est toujours chaud, rapide et délicieux.
This has to be the worse possible place ever. Purchased a table that was promised to be delivered 2 days later, never came. Then was told 2-3 weeks for actual delivery due to out of stock item waited the 2-3 weeks and still no table. They didn't even have the decency to to call us and let us know that they were not coming. We canceled this purchase and never going back to this back-alley sales store.
Came here on the opening week with a party of 2 when there was a discount promo going on for checking in on facebook.  Having never been to the location at Yonge I thought I'd give this a try. \n\n\nAll the seats were full but we decided to wait it out, although we were the first ones to wait in line we quickly got a seat within a couple of minutes.  Service was  pretty prompt and the interior looked very modern, trendy and clean.  The moment I sat down there was a huge durian smell, I guess it was very popular at the time of sitting.  Also their menu is huge compared to the other dessert places i've been to. \n\nThe food here was delicious, everything from the whip cream, mango, durian and even the frosted flakes were all fresh. Though I'm not a huge fan of durian, it was very sweet and high quality durian. I guess that is the upside of coming to a newly opened restaurant.  On top of that our bill was 20 or 30% off (cant remember) which came to around $10 for 2 desserts. I will definitely be back for more.
Wow, can I say wow again. The food is beyond delicious. I can say the best Dosa I have eaten in Toronto. I am from South India, and my brother said it's the best be has eaten some back home. So definitely worth the drive from the east end. \nThe service is impeccable, they actually care about their guests. They are friendly and very attentive. The owners I have met are very nice and do all the cooking themselves. They are extremely nice as well. \nI do want to point out though, they are extremely busy. So you do need to make an appointment. But I think k that's expected to get this good quality food. \nSo if ur on the fence, just GO!
I've been here a few times now.  The pork tacos are greasy and the chicken tacos are usually cold and dry.  I would recommend the steak tacos and the croquetas. I haven't liked any of the salsas so I stopped ordering the combo meals.  They changed their loyalty program when I was two tacos away from a free one.  They said they could transfer it but instead of a punch card I would have to use their iPad mini.  It was a bummer.  I don't want to touch anything public during flu season.  The 'bertos across the street is better.  I think I will stick to it from now on.
Okay 4th time in and again everything was spot on!!! The Buckle added waffle fries w\/Mac-n-Cheese...AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! And then the Mix Meat Combo added the finishing touch for BBQ craving!! Don't take it to go sit and eat it here because the conversation is equally as good! I'm glad I don't work close because I could eat this 3-4 times a week! Thank you for amazing Vegas BBQ
ESPA at VDARA was a pleasant experience. After checking into the hotel for a New Years Eve stay, I booked a Men's Purifying Facial to help me close out the year.\n\nThe receptionist Tiffany, was welcoming, friendly and thorough explaining how the process works. She suggested I arrive to the spa 45 minutes before my scheduled appointment( so I can take in the the amenities before my facial ).\n\nTaking heed I got there early, which Tiffany checked me in and sent me on my way.\n\nPaul, the Men's Spa personnel gave me a tour of the Men's spa vicinity, set me up with locker, rob and flip flops and called me once it was time for my facial. \n\nHe was very personable and attentive without being overbearing or a nuisance.\n\nI was impressed with the sauna, steam room, showers and how well kept the area was.\n\nOnce I got set up with my facial, Alisa took good care of me. Very good vibe from this professional as she exfoliated my pores for a good while. \n\nIt felt amazing. There were moments when I felt soapy, gel, tingling, cool, intense scrub, warm, sticky, smooth, lightly aggressive( if that makes sense ) and even a moss like feeling over my face. \n\nAlisa even massaged my shoulders, upper chest and scalp. In that 50 minutes my face took a roller coaster of an array of astonishing feelings that were conducive to cleansing and exfoliating my pores. \n\nThe facial was peaceful and I came away from it feeling rejuvenated. Once Alisa finished she showed me the meditation room which I gladly obliged. I relaxed there in tranquility and shortly after concluded my spa treatment.\n\nChristopher the supervisor settled my payment which he was also personable and even gave me advice on how to maneuver the Vegas NYE crowd.\n\nAll in all the spa was a great experience which left a lasting impression. Somewhat pricey but definitely worth it. What made it even more worth it was all the players( spa employees) who made this experience professional, relaxing, personable and most of all-welcoming. I will definitely be back!
I never realized how much I liked sushi until I moved to Las vegas where there was a plethora of ayce sushi spots. Sushi koma is my favorite spot and started coming here with my old roommates when I was living in South Summerlin, and I apologize for not giving them a review sooner. I never like to eat alone in restaurants but somehow I got the courage and came here pretty much every week (even sitting alone at the bar) because I need sushi at least once a week. It's a small spot so its usually busy but the owner mentioned its hard for them to expand so itll pretty much stay busy. Speaking of the owner, Chris, is a cool guy! He always says hi and remembers you and he's let me try a few specials before. The fish is always good, the service is great, and they serve different types of alcohol! Unlike some sushi spots only serve beer. Unfortunately I moved farther away where buying poke to go was more convenient to my schedule,  and then eventually I moved back to LA where I feel the ayce sushi game isn't as strong as LV, but I will def come back to visit and recommend as I usually take newbies to this spot when time comes around. Ill be back!
i'm giving a one star because that's the lowest you can give on yelp. Wow this experience, not only were my friend and I ignored but we were forced to leave and given our food to "take out" because the store was busy and we were denied to sit down at 11am when there were only two other tables taken, we hadn't been welcomed by ANYONE and both were approached when alone that we had to leave, and not only that but I received a VERY small FROZEN pizza and was charged $10.16. Me and my friend will be telling all of our co-workers and friends to NEVER come to this location again, horrible horrible experience
Did take out.  Pretty good! Naan was very buttery and fresh. Authentic flavours. Had butter chicken (7\/10), jalfrazi chicken (7\/10) and lamb (9\/10). Good pekoras too. I will dine there in person next time to get a better sense of how clean the place is.
We always come here whenever I get the Filipino food craving and I'm too lazy to make it myself.  Kathy knows us.  We always order for our family gatherings.
You want ono grinds, come get some @ 808 Mixed Plate!\nStore Front - http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA#ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA\n\nDisclaimer: All my cousin SE & I ordered was da' Mixed Plate Combo, winnahs!\n(BTW - We had just picked up about $40 worth of poke from Poke Express, just a few doors down.)\nPoke Express (N Las Vegas) - http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz\/poke-express-north-las-vegas\n\nIn between the ono'licious garlic chicken, kalbi short ribs, mac salad & hot rice... 'AND poke!!\nWe ate like Kamehameha! Buggah was good.\nPhoto - http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA#3OxIl0-t0Q0pyTyjjg4Jbg\n(I stay drooling ova' my keyboard reminiscing about that lunch... *sigh)\n\nLike most local Hawaiian kine places, very low-key, no frills, simple... 'With ono kaukau. ("good food")\nPhoto - http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA#hOqvox8j6KcMXhY5DSjbPQ \nWasn't too crowded. I was surprised that they did not offer KERNS PoG - Passion Orange Guava, a local staple. (shrugs) Whateva', no worries! \n\nGreat plaza - Plate lunch & poke?!... 'No can lose bruddah!!\n\n- Big Aloha!\n\nFood: 5\nAmbiance: 3\nService: 3\nValue: 5
I've been coming here off and on for the past few years but in the recent months I've been coming once a week. My order is always the same: Mali (small sausage sandwich) and Cheese pita. Although the Yelp menu lists Mali as 5.00 they've upped the price to 7.50. The cheese pita might be the same 4.00, close to it. Every time I order over the phone they say "you want everything on it, sour cream and veggie spread?" And I say yes although those 2 items always came with it in the past. \nI went to pick up my order and it was $2 more than usual. I have experienced slight variances in price (one time it was $1 less than usual for some reason) but it is consistent enough for me to notice a difference.\nI asked about the change and he said "sour cream and veggie spread are extra". I explained that this has never been the case and he pointed to the menu where it lists the prices to order them as sides. I reiterated that it's never happened before but said I guess it that's what they need to do, but I probably wouldn't be back. He interrupted me to wave and say goodbye to other customers.\nI've put up with feeling the awkward stares of walking in there being the only person not of their culture\/friend group\/family and with their high prices for the great food, which is why this review is 2 stars instead of 1. But if you're going to make up new rules and be inflexible about $2 for a consistent customer...I suppose you no longer have one. But I'm sure it's neat hanging out with your crew all day and glaring at newcomers. Enjoy, I honestly feel like I'm going to get mugged or catch a disease outside the building every time I come so good riddance.
I was searching for a really good instructor to teach proper form, posture and footing. I found it here. This place is wonderful. I highly recommend it. They are dedicated to working with you on your specific needs and helping you achieve whatever is your goal with dance lessons. Nerijus is amazing.
The food in this place was fantastic. I was cautious after reading some google reviews but the food was home cooked and yummy. I loved the chat too. My parents loved the food too and that's saying a lot given my mom and dad are super foodies from India. Great value for the money too.
One of the best skate parks I've been to location sucks thought landed my my 1th 9 stair there
Great quaint spot.  Very authentic atmosphere and food.  I had the lamb roast gyro platter.  Everything tasted great.  I wish I would have gotten the traditional gyro.  The roast had large pieces.
Delicious baked and filled mini pastries. Love the different varieties they offer. Each one tastes a little different.\n\nFavourite would be the choc or pistachio ones.\n\nWould go often if price point was lower since they are quite small and easily finished within three bites.
My second visit to this location, hoping the second trip would've better than the first. No dice.\n\nFirst stop here last summer the bartender was a douche to my friend and me. We came to watch World Cup soccer and have a brew. When I asked if there were any specials (happy hour?) he said "this is Jack Astors, everything is expensive, what do you want?" The rest of the afternoon the bartender spent most of him time flirting with the waitresses with his back turned to the customers.\n\nSecond visit: almost a year later. Went to rooftop patio for one martini but could not get any service for ten minutes of sitting at a bar table by myself.  Not even the bartender noticed I had not been served yet. I finally had to call out to a waitress to come over. She seemed annoyed and refused to smile. Said she would "get someone" for me and took off. I kept waiting. When another waiter finally came by, took my drink order, and returned 10 minutes later to tell me the patio bar isn't stocked with ingredients to make a MARTINI. It was going to be a while... 25 minutes later I got my lousy drink in a tall glass, not a martini glass. I ordered a double but it tasted like soda water with lime. The manager came over to apologize and say the drink is on the house... Naturally- since there's no booze in it.  \n\nShady Bar. Avoid at all costs. Jack Assery all around.
Been here the past two Fridays and I'm a fan now.  My first time, I ordered the chicken tikka, which I found VERY flavorful and delicious!  It came with rice, pita bread and a small salad.  The cucumber dressing and chili sauce is very good as well.  Today, i wanted to try something different so I ordered the chili chicken.  This dish is gooooood!  If you like spicy, then you'll love this.  It was a bit spicier than I'm used to, but the pita bread helped with that. LOL!  It's a big portion too, so I had to ask for a to-go box for my leftovers. \n\nWhat I liked is that the chicken was not dry like I've had at other kabob or halal places.  It's very flavorful and juicy. \n\nIf you plan on eating there, call ahead.  It can take about 15 minutes for your order.  There's not a lot of seating, either.
My only disappointment is that I can't give you rave reviews that are original, everything has already been said. What a great place; the staff is friendly, the food delicious and the atmosphere fun. The lamb taco was sublime. This is a neighborhood gem.
I see a big ad in the paper for Schmitt Jewelers this weekend, and I wonder how they can afford such a big ad after in essence, sending me away with nothing but disgust and my ring I wanted to reset. I was "serviced" by a man who identified himself as Michael Schmitt, who was so uninterested in finding a solution for me that I was stunned when I left.  As a sales person and apparently part of this family business, you would think he would want a new customer, but I've never been made to feel so unimportant in my life after spending maybe 15 minutes with this guy. I just felt he wanted to be doing something else than trying to help me find a solution to my reset. Aloofness, strange feeling of completely uninterested...
This is the best food I have ever had at an airport. I ordered a basil chicken baguette. The baguette is very warm, soft and the chicken is very tasty.  Katlin, my server, is friendly and professional. I know where I will dine from now on at the PHX.
First time trying this place after hearing so many great things about it and it did not disappoint!! I called in my order since I was going in on my lunch and good thing I did. I wanted to just get a plain carne asada burrito with rice but the employee advised that I should get the California burrito with carne asada and boy was that a great recommendation. The burrito was so good and had so much flavor kinda reminded me of a burrito back home (Los Angeles). I'll definitely be going back real soon!!
i don't get my nails done too often, but when i do, this is my go-to spot. they're quick, easy, clean, and i love that they don't talk too much. maybe that's just me, but i'm not a huge fan of making small talk for an hour every two weeks. my nails always turn out perfect and look great for weeks!\n\nif you're looking for a new nail spot in the arcadia area, check out ken's! you won't be disappointed!
Excellent food and atmosphere!  Loved the light food... especially the hummus nachos! I would highly recommend! Our server, Tyler, was amazing and took great care of us.  We'll be back.... maybe even tomorrow!
We stopped in one evening recently. My son and I shared a 4 meat plate and my wife had the 2 meat plate. The food was good but it was over priced. Our check was $64 plus tip. Their prices need to come down to be more competitive with other BBQ around NC.\nOur server was great.
Went with the boyfriend to update our phones... The employees were eager to help... We talked to quite a few and ended up purchasing our phones with Jesse... He was fun, nice and worked quickly to get us on our way... \n\nKeith was the guy that helped me set up my new phone with the old stuff and he helped keep us occupied while the phone was working to update itself... Very personable and knew his Apple products...\n\nI know a lot of people talk about the wait in this store, but we were pretty much in and out of there... Guess it pays to go on a Thursday afternoon... lol
Terrible terrible terrible. They send out people who don't fix internet problems!!! I've signed up for their service a week ago and still haven't got any service!!!!
Highly recommended.  I booked this car with hesitation as I was shocked with the weekly rate of $78. (During CES)  After taxes it came out to $119.  As we arrived, check in was smooth.  Ali was a pro, got me through the check in process and didn't hassle me when I said no insurance or prepay gas.  Went down stairs and got our car; we asked for a compact but they gave us a brand new Impala.  That was the only disappointing thing about the rental as this car was a gas guzzler!!! The good news this car was brand new with only 49 miles on it. Make sure you thoroughly check the body of the car so you don't get charged for damage.\n\nUpon return, it was easy, price was the same as quoted and receipt emailed to me ( digitally signed on iPad).\n\nI could not ask for a better experience.  The other thing I wish they would of done was explained how to leave the rental garage (the exit was not manned and you have to scan a barcode on your document folder).  Other than that I am super pleased with my rental and would definitely rent with Ez again.\n\nDon't let the other reviews sway you. I maybe rent a car once a year and this experience was awesome.
This is a decent buffet at a good buffet's prices, but selection is fairly moderate here. For breakfast, the usual hot trays laden with rolled blinis and pancakes and muffins and plenty of meats, etc. etc. are all here. It all seemed pretty rotated and fresh, so no problems there. Nothing really stands out except selection is a bit light. The line was also smaller than at some I've been to, but there is really nothing special at all about this buffet compared to other places. If you were in the mood for a buffet and close at hand, this would be fine, but nothing to go out of your way for. This is another, like all buffets in Vegas, that you will be most likely to stand in line to wait for...debatably worth it...
Stopped by here with a couple friends while we were visiting from out of town. I really liked the ambiance of the place, kind of a Hipster vibe. The hush puppies were a very good appetizer, I would recommend. However, our waiter overhyped the rest of the food a bit unfortunately; saying it was without a doubt the best Mac and cheese, and fried chicken in Charlotte. The fried chicken and Mac and cheese were just "okay"...Definitely not the best I've ever had. Chicken was nice and crispy but didn't have much flavor for some reason.\n\nThey have a good assortment of mixed drinks and a stocked bar. I'll try this place again next time we're in town to see what the rest of the menu is like.
i hadn't been to SC in about 3 years or so, and knowing how restaurants are in Toronto, I'd imagined in the years since it had either: gotten too pretentious\/expensive for it's own good, or were bought by someone that just didn't care as much.\n I'm happy to report: Neither of the above is true. Had an incredible meal, great service and no hipster-douche baginess. It really was a great experience. It has toned down over the years...it used to be like a microcosm of Mardi Gras - no longer. To be honest, I always found that a bit disparaging, and well, trying a bit too hard on their part in the part to be a bit of a theme-park of a dinner experience. The whole experience has matured quite a bit, no Drag-Queen hostess anymore (sadly !), and it doesn't feel like the circus it used to be...it's grown-up a bit...but it's not dull. Nice balance after 20 years.
Not the best banh mi I've ever had but the sushi here is to die for! This small sandwich place is located in a sketchy area of hochelaga maisonneuve and is one of the cleaner, more modern viet restos. They have a good variety of banh mi but I found that there could've been more pate and more mayo... Felt like the banh mi was lacking. The sushi was surprisingly fresh and tasty. They have lunch combos as well. All in all, a good choice to grab a quick bite in the area.
I enjoy my birthday dinner here every year and can't speak highly enough about the quality of the food. This year however I had a bad experience with my waitress\/server where I felt that I was an inconvenience to her. What is the point of enjoying a great family dinner if you feel awkward to ask for your food or drinks? I really hope to change my review next year when I come back or I will have to change my venue for stone crab.
I'm often asked by friends and fellow yelpers, "what's a place I should try?" Or, "what's your favorite restaurant?"  The answer I always unflinchingly give is Soul Gastrolounge. With that, here's everything you need to know Soul...\n\n1. LOONG WAIT. The wait to get a table can be long. Very long.  I mean its pretty simple, do NOT go to Soul on Thursday or Friday night and expect to get in and out within 2hrs.  Therefore, I only go to Soul on Tuesdays or Wednesdays.  Oh, and they don't accept reservations.\n\n2.  NO LUNCH.  That's right, Soul doesn't open until 5pm.  I usually try to get there a little later in the evening; usually after the main dinner rush, around 9pm or so.  \n\n3.  DJs & Tunes! I'm not 100% sure, but I believe they have a DJ on hand Thursday - Saturday nights starting around 9pm.  The DJ's are always on point with the music and really add to Soul's trendy vibe and reputation it has around Charlotte.  \n\n4. NO PARKING.  There's no parking lot, or area exclusively for Soul's patrons.  Your best bet is to park in the lot across the street near CVS (sometimes its $5), or anywhere else around the heart of Plaza Midwood (near Thomas Street Tavern\/Whiskey Warehouse) and walking over. \n\n5. The FOOD IS AMAZING!!!!  Although I've tried many items on the menu from the pork belly sliders, to the steak and eggs which both make my mouth water, my favorite item is the Sakana Roll.  Its a tuna, salmon, avocado, sushi roll lightly fried - simply the best sushi in Charlotte!  If sushi's not your thing, don't worry there's plenty of great menu items as I said the steak and eggs or any of the skewers are great.  The humus of the day and guac stack are both great tasting, lighter options.  The french fries w\/truffle oil are out of this world yummy!! \n\n6. HIP. COOL. VIBE.  I like Soul's ambiance so much because its the perfect representation of the people and culture of Plaza-Midwood and Charlotte as a whole.  Its young, hip, chill, and different.  Everything from the walk up the black steps, to the dark interior, to the tight bar, to the blue peacock hanging behind that same bar; create a happening, mellow vibe thats unmistakeable.  \n\nSoul perfectly in-captures everything I value in a dining experience. From the amazing and unique food, to the trendy ambiance, to the phenomenal service - everything pops at Soul.  Soul, what a great name for an establishment that truly represents the heart and soul of the Queen City.
I've been waiting patiently to try this ice cream experience since it's opened on Bloor. Today was the day and wow this was everything I hoped for and more. There's a menu of quite a few different options to go with. What you need to know is the cone the ice cream is put in is a DONUT covered in either glaze, or cinnamon or a different topping. Then there's a chocolate truffle at the bottom. Then soft serve ice cream with toppings then more ice cream. It's quite a masterpiece. \nThe staff is super friendly and helpful. Since it was my first time I was open to suggestions and they were able to help. I ordered and my ice cream was ready in just a minute. It was so quick especially since they had a line out the door. \nThis place lives up to the hype. Go here be happy.
Had an amazing lunch experience @ D'Vine Bistro & Wine! \n\nMy sister had the Ahi Tuna( lunch portion) with sweet potato fries and said it was exceptional!\n\nI had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Unwrapped( think chicken wrap but not folded). Yummy! \n\nOur server, Erika,was friendly,knowledgeable and the food turned amazingly well for a very reasonable price.\n\nI can see why Yelp reviewers ranked this highly #4 in Chandler.\n\nI will definitely be back!
Customer service was awesome! I messed up my order and when I called to fix it they had already recognized the issue and resolved it perfectly. The website was a bit tricky to maneuver on my iPhone so that's where the mix up occurred. I haven't heard if the cookiegram was delivered to my recipient yet so I can only comment on the service at the moment. But so far so good!
Called and she was closed.  She calls back and asked if i wanted takeout. Sure I days. Butter chicken ok she says. Fine with me. I arrive and she asked what spice level. I say white boy spice and she laughed. I say 3 out of 10 and it was perfect. Amazing flavour. Not too much heat. Nice lady.
Oh. Me. God. Where do I start? I am a 20-year customer, minus a break where I got so fed up with your poor customer service and high Prices that I allowed myself to get suckered into Century Link, who was even worse. I switched back and soon found my Cable bill above $250, so I switched to the basic Internet and TV and turned in my Telephone Modem and DVR boxes. This is where the current FIASCO started.\n  When I went to the COX store, I told the guy I wanted to PURCHASE a modem and he got me one. Several months later I noticed you were STILL billing me for PHONE SERVICE (which I canceled and TURNED IN THE MODEM FOR on the same visit to the COX store) and MODEM RENTAL.\n   I called the Cox # to get the PHONE SERVICE refunded and the MODEM switched to purchase vice rental and was transferred 3 times, and HUNG UP ON TWICE!!!! Once when waiting to be escalated to a customer retention supervisor over the POOR customer service (Ironic), repeated TURFING me to other departments before I can even SPEAK THE WORDS "WAIT, DON'T Transfer Me!".  The total time it took to get a customer retention supervisor on the line was 66 minutes, 2 disconnects, and three transfers, and even then, she stated that I would have to bring my modem back because it was a rental. I told her I didn't want to have to restore my network as I have numerous security cameras that take HOURS to reprogram, and she stated "Well, we don't SELL modems out of the COX stores, those are rentals only." THAT IS ABSOLUTELY WRONG and I asked her to investigate and call me back. She assured me she would call back the next day AND NEVER DID. I got an email stating that I had purchased a modem that night.\n Your business processes are broken, your customer service representatives are Undertrained, Apathetic and the only common strength I could find across the numerous transfers to other departments was that EVERYONE excelled at delivering the standard "Scripted apology" that reads like this "I'm so sorry you (state customers problem). I will do my best to resolve (restate customer problem). Turf caller to another department.  I wish someone along that 66-minute painful phone call would have actually stopped apologizing long enough to show some ownership and RESOLVE MY ISSUE. I wish your business processes were sustainable enough that when I went in to a COX STORE and changed my service and WATCHED THE GUY ENTER THE ORDER, it actually got carried out rather than ignored requiring further visits, calls, and exasperation.  I wish that my new, purchased router didn't actually SLOW DOWN my internet and REBOOT ITSELF numerous times per day, but at this point, I just don't have the heart to call for technical support or service because, well, you're COX and the stress would probably kill me.  You have disappointed me for nearly 20 years. It is NOT improving, and I wish there were a better solution for high speed internet in the Phoenix Area so I could FLEE your service.
I once had long strong healthy blond hair, I now have mushy stretchy blue highlights. George was his name. Stay away.
The club itself is awesome.  Amenities galore and serene.  Beware of front desk worker Lynn M.  She is rude, abrasive and inconsiderate.  Her people skills deserve zero stars however the club itself is awesome!
We had a groupon deal, unfortunately they won't alloy us to sit on the same table if you want to redeem more than 1 groupon. \nFood was good but not extraordinary, regular casual sea food place with reasonable price
So-so, not as nice and nowhere near as friendly as the Comfort Inn Dorval. I'd stay there instead if possible. Front desk staff here was not very friendly when I checked in. The location is also a bit far from the airport to be considered an airport hotel, in my opinion. Supposedly they have an airport shuttle, but I had no luck getting it after an hour of waiting and trying to call them from the airport. Cab here cost almost $30 CAD, including tip. Pretty clean, fairly comfortable bed. Wouldn't stay here again.
I've found my holy grail! FINALLY a hair salon that cares about the health of your hair!  I went for a wash, cut and style and my experience was amazing. Kahlae listened to what I wanted to do on that day and asked what my long term hair goals were and we developed a plan. I have afro-kinky hair which I blow dried and flat ironed and it came out gorgeous. Lots of movement and body, and my hair came out sleek and shiny. Also my split ends are gone and now I have a good shape and no more hair was taken off than necessary. I'll definitely recommend this place to my friends and I'll definitely go again. This girl knows her stuff!
This is by far the worst company you can ever work for. They are so degenerate when it comes down to their employees. They literally treat them worst than trash. Especially the supervisor by the name of ISRAEL worst human being you can ever meet. People really need to boycott this company.
Best gyro I've ever had! The meat was tender, flavorful and a generous portion. The tzatziki sauce was delicious. Not runny like most places. The prices were good too. Under $9 for a gyro, fries and drink. Not bad for a fresh hot meal. \n\nI only interacted with the cashier. He was pleasant. There is a full view of the kitchen an it seemed everyone was working well together. I love watching the meat carver being the carnivore I am. \n\nI'll be back to taste more of the menu selections. So much to choose from.
When you go to Lappert's Ice Cream Shop.......what do you do? Of course you get ice cream! But a big dummy like me..........I came here to get a cup of coffee.  :(\n\nIf was a very hot afternoon (102 degrees), and I didn't feeling like walking to the Golden Nugget Hotel for Starbucks, or to the Fremont Hotel for Dunkin Donuts coffee, so I went upstairs to the Mezzanine level of the California Hotel & stopped by Lappert's Ice Cream Shop for coffee.\n\nBesides ice cream, they serve coffee here, as well as Winchell's Donuts. I've never had a Winchell's donut, but I see Winchell's all over the place in southern California.\n\nUpon walking into the shop, I decided to get a cup of coffee, but lucky for me.........they had this deal where you buy a 16 oz. cup of their gourmet coffee, you get a free Winchell's donut (wot a deal!).\n\nWell, after getting my cup of coffee............I realized the coffee really isn't too gourmet........... \n\nIn fact the coffee tasted a little burnt to me, as I think the coffee was on the heating pot for too long of a period, \nTo top if off, the free glazed donut I got was hard too! YUCK! I guess they probably have the Winchell's donuts\/pastries shipped in, so who knows how long it sits before it gets served, \nIt would probably be better if you get the donuts from a Winchell's shop instead.\n\nIf I come back here again............I'd probably skip out on the coffee & donuts, and stick with the ice cream!
Had  their daily soup that was chicken it was ok but portion was small for 4.50 .. also had shrimp roti a new menu item was so salty could not finish it .. what a waste
Absolutely love the food here but it literally takes FOREVER to receive. This is the second time I've sat in the drive-through for 15 + minutes. Really sucks
We love Oreganos, are usual location is on Bell Rd but we moved to Tolleson and had no idea of this location until we googled it. We went on a Saturday evening so naturally it was busy especially being the weekend before Valentine's day. Our wait was long, about 45 mins and honestly we never wait that long anywhere but we did hoping that it would go faster which it didn't but it was ok. We finally got a table and our waiter was Andrew let me say he was great! Very friendly and attentive great waiter! We had never ordered the meat pizza I can't remember the actual name of it but it was so dang good, ordered our usual of medium wings, and the gold, and the Pablo Picasso. Everything was excellent... This will be our new location.
Nice accommodations. Friendly & helpful staff. Beds too firm for my liking. Waking up stiff and achy.\n\n COOKIES! WARM COOKIES - WHENEVER YOU WANT THEM!!!  Why nobody told us this until our next-to-last day is unconscionable!!!\n\nThey were nice enough to give us an in-room fridge to store our Potent Potables, and room service was prompt and yummy, and not too ridiculously priced.\n\nThe hotel is centrally located, and as others have mentioned, the shuttle is there. MOST of the time. Except after about 10:00 on a game night (Pirates).
Every class is amazing!! So much fun and a really incredible workout! The instructor Eva is extraordinary!!
First time going to a place like this. It was intense. It's not a regular full body massage but they pin point certain areas. The foot and calf massage was awesome! I will have to go back!
Super lugar para clases de pequeñitas. La Srta Chez es increíble en su manera de tratar a las nenas. \n\nEl lugar es limpio, agradable, profesional. Comparado con otros lugares, es muy económico y realmente vale la pena.\n\nOfrecen una semana gratis para comprobar sus servicios. :)
So, I'm just an American tourist who wanted some Poutine and some drinks to end the day.  Jack Astor's was very fun - it's at a great location at the corner of Yonge and Dundas and looks into Dundas Square - however, I had to sit inside because all the balcony seating was always taken and always had a long waitlist.  \n\nStaff seems a little out of it...very slow at taking requests and forgot a few things a couple times.  Very friendly though!  Took quite a while to get drinks, but the bar was very busy.   \n\nAs the night went on, the music got louder, so don't come here if you want to carry on a conversation.
On one visit to Noori, I noticed a person using a hair\ndryer to peel off the "Reconditioned" label of merchandise.\n\nVirtually everything in that store that is electrical\nor electronic has been reconditioned by the manufacturer\nand Noori doesn't want you to know that fact.\n\nI find no reason to go there at all and I do not\nrecommend it.  Given half a chance, I would\ngive this place no stars at all.
This starbucks is incredible. Our most favorite part? Ramona greeting us every morning (Tuesday - Saturday) in the drive thru window. She is fun, efficient (greatly appreciated), and so friendly (I just want to reach through that window and hug her). No other neighborhood starbucks compares. Thanks, Ramona, for making our trip to Starbucks something to look forward to each morning. Don't ever change!!!
Happy Holly Days!  The new kid in town is doing okay :)\n\nLike everyone else it seems, we picked up a Groupon for breakfast here. It is a teenie tiny little place - the kind of place where I think they will know many of their customers by name. \n\nThe menu is not extensive (that is my only reason for 4 stars - I want more choices!!).  But what is there is solid and good. Hubs and I came alone one more and had breakfast platters, then brought our monthly breakfast group a few weeks later.  \n\nThe breakfast platter is a solid 2 egg meal made special because it is her homemade bread that is toasted. That makes it a worthwhile trip by itself.  There is something about a thick slab of cracked wheat bread toasted to perfection - crunchy outside but nice chewy center- that makes my heart sing.  And the fact that she can make a sunny side up egg without screwing it up.  And she actually knows what I want when I say bacon crispy.  I have yet to figure out why any restaurant has trouble with those two requests but, alas, they do. Holly doesn't. I honestly think that she loves what she does. And she cares about what she serves. \n\nSome of our friends had the burrito.  Good sized.  Packed solidly with breakfast food.  A hearty choice at a good price.  \n\nNow that cinnamon roll is another whole experience in and of itself.  Doughy and a nicely sweet dough with the right amount of sugar and cinnamon. A big enough to share among two.  Be careful when asking for extra icing.  It is like crack cocaine for your thighs......and she will gladly add it on. As much as you want. \n\nWith it being summer and the fact that she is the start to our errand packed days, we haven't taken baked goods home yet.  But we did manage to take home an eclair for DS one trip.  He is an eclair aficionado. And declared it the real thing. Flaky buttery dough and a creamy filling.  And fresh. Not remade and thawed like many places today. Come autumn, we will be back to try some of those marvelous cakes in the case. And resign ourselves to tarting to walk off the damage. \n\nIi guess if I had to describe Holly's in one word, it would be dependable.  I know that doesn't sound exciting but I use it in a good way. You will come and know you will get freshly prepared food  that is a reasonable portion Served in a clean environment at a great price and served with a smile. What more can you ask for?\n\nWe will be back. And we wish a Holly well. And keep those baked goods coming.
Love this place ! Food is great, service has improved recently. The thai curries and sushi are highly recommended.
Been here for the second time today. As a Pho lover! This is one of my favorite pho restaurants in Vegas, I always order the combination beef soup, soup is very rich and flavorful size is more than generous, the owners are very friendly definitely going back again soon
Repeated excellent service. Cyrus never fails to give a courtesy call, he is very thorough in completing the service. Thanks for always working around my schedule
I came here twice during my weekend visit in Vegas.  I loved it.  I sat a the bar both times, and the bar tenders are great.  I prefer sitting at the bar because you get your drinks fast (I order the frozen hot chocolate... its so amazing.  its worth every penny)  Yes the price is steep, but I love the food and I love the service I received.  I did wait a long time for my meal but when it came time to devour it, everything seemed to be worth it.  I really like the experience and I will come back every time I go back to Vegas.
Nice park, amazing views of lake and city. Overall, it was pretty clean, including the bathrooms. Walked down to beach, but the dog beach needs to be cleaned up more, saw poo at least twice - not good. There should be poo bag dispensers all over that area.
I really appreciate my time at City Nails. I've been here four times now and each time I walk in I am greeted with several friendly smiles. The first time on my way out an employee thanked me by name which was a nice personal touch on her part. I had manis\/pedis done by three different employees and each time I had relaxing and affable experiences. I've done some price checks around Chandler and the quality and price at City Nails is a good find. Today I got a mani\/pedi for $28 (mailer coupon) and yes, they do take their time. I used to go to Party Nails on Ray and McClintock but they were overcrowded and made me wait all the time. I'd much rather go to a salon that isn't as crowded-it helps me relax. I will definitely be a returning customer. :D
Love this office! From the moment we walked in everything was easy and fast. The staff is super friendly. My boys immediately went to play on the XBox, then watched a movie while getting their teeth cleaned and walked away with prizes and balloon swords. They actually look forward to going and tell everyone they know about it. Great job!
Everyone at Team Ford that I dealt with truly wanted to help me get out of the car I was in and get the truck of my dreams. Couldn't have asked for a better truck buying experience. Thank you Jeremy, Mirna, and Mario for helping me get Big Bertha.  Love my truck!
I have been wanting to get eyelash extensions since last year but so nervous of not liking the result. Fortunately, my first experience was a great one with Allix early this year.  She walked me through the process and gained knowledge. The result result was amazing!!!  She was in transition between Beauty Salons but I followed her because she is excellent and such an expert in what she does! A few months ago, she started at Beautif-eye Old Town. I am so pleased as everyone is so nice & friendly. I am a regular at this Beautif-eye! With Allix there, I wouldn't go anywhere else for my lash extensions. I opted for their monthly membership.  I highly recommend Allix at Beautif-eye if you're considering lash extensions. You won't regret it!
Citrus slaw tacos are the best!!!  The bartender, female on Sunday nights I should remember her name but can't, is the best. Always remembers what I like.
Very interesting establishment.  Not a lot of parking but they do have valet.  We walked in to a very large space.  There was a gift shop to one side, boxing ring straight ahead and lots and lots of tables.  Very eclectically decorated.  It was a bit overwhelming.  From the initial space, there was a dance floor and bar, beyond that here where tables and the places to order outside. The ordering process was confusing.  We needed to go outside to order and wait to hear our name called. The music was loud and made it difficult to hear. I don't know how that would work out if they were really busy. The food was good. The alcoholic drinks were excellent. If the ordering process were clear, music at a reasonable level and parking situation better, they would have gotten 5 stars.
I haven't been here in years. I went tonight and I thought everything was good on BBQ night. Prime Rib was excellent.
Came here twice over the summer and it was a positive experience. \n\nFirst time I ate the Smores Chocolate icecream Sundae and the second time I ate the Caramel Salé Sundae. They were both enjoyable with the Caramel one being better... at least to my taste buds. :)\n\nPrice-tag is OK and the service was decent however they quickly got overwhelmed once a few clients came in.\n\nOverall, I recommend!
Love the all suite hotel. Definitely one of my favorite places to stay on the strip. Can sleep 6 comfortably. I also like the added tv in the bathroom. Nice touch. \n\nNuff said.
My new go to wing place.  Flavor options are awesome.  They will have something to fit everyone's taste.  Wings are good sized, and crispy as you'd expect.  Pig wings are a most.  You have to get a order when you visit this place.
We stopped in for lunch. The food was good. But my reason for yelping was there was a young man behind the counter who was absolutely an upbeat person. I walked away wishing that that kid worked for me.
This Is a blog review for ONE BITE Pittsburgh. Follow the link for full video review. https:\/\/m.youtube.com\/watch?v=O7kmP89PoRQ
I was really excited from all the yelp reviews and the atmosphere after I walked into this restaurant. But this was honestly the most disappointed and led astray that I've been in a long time. The restaurant has a really great environment, with Colombian-esque relics and trinkets adorning the walls, fun paintings on the walls, and tons of graffiti left by adoring guests. It's a really cool atmosphere. \n\nHowever, the service was pretty bad. It wasn't all that busy and the waiter was no where to be found most of the time. The food also took a really long time to come out. \n\nI ordered a beef arepa with a side of chips and could not have been more disappointed. It was boring and pretty much tasteless. It needed sauce, which was no where in sight. And my side of stale tortilla chips came with no salsa or anything. When I asked the waiter what the other sides were, he was so unhelpful, I got annoyed and simply ordered chip. Who serves chips without anything to dip them in?! \n\nHuge disappointment.
We had Windows installed that leaked... Caused damage to our house.  Had to take them to small claims court to get $800 judgement.
Bin Stammkunde hier. Sushi Wrap ist die geniale Ergänzung für alle wie mich, die in der Innenstadt arbeiten, mittags etwas Leichtes und Gesundes essen möchten, nicht viel Zeit haben und frische Zutaten lieben. Klar, die Wraps sind nicht die reine Lehre des Sushi. Sie sind das, was ich am Mittag essen möchte. Ich find's super.
Dr. Lesa Davis was great. Probably the most informative eye exam I've ever had. She took the time to explain certain terminology and lenses to me.  I never once felt like she was trying to sell or scare me into something I didn't need, which is usually the case with the Optometrist I've been seeing for the past 5 years. :)
This place has some of the worst service I've ever had. My husband's drink is STILL empty after 40 plus minutes. Food was okay. My dad enjoyed his tacos but the pulled pork chili was just pulled pork and beans no juice or stew at all. Our waitress passed by 7-10 times and hasn't acknowledged our empty drink cups at all. So ridiculous. Don't come here if you want good service and good food. My father and him have been here multiple times over the week and they had the same service each time. He asked another waitress for help and she just blew him off. F*CK this place. Will never come back.
Great customer service, repairs in a timely manner.  A bit expensive, but you get what you pay for.
Favorite delivery.....could look at the special instructions i.e extra sauce, extra crispy. Also delivery charge is shenanigans......then you expect a tip when you forget? Great food, just focus!!!! Especially after an hour delivery.
I love Hug N Pups! I had taken my lil 3 lb Maltese here for about 2 years but then we moved so I had to find a new place to get her groomed. I went to about 4 other places & none of them even compared. Thankfully we moved again & were closer to Hug N Pups! These are different owners from the last time I brought Angel in but they are just as great! \n\nBTW, they have moved as well, not too far though just across the street. The new address is: 1609 E Bell Rd Suite B9 Phoenix, AZ 85022. Their phone # is still the same.\n\nEven if we do have to move again I will still bring my babygirl here because they are amazing at what they do, LOVE HUG N PUPS!!
This is a great Nike factory store. People are friendly and it is a lot cleaner than the two around where I live.
Went to Delux  on a Sunday night in December to celebrate the holidays.  Since our group consisted of 16 people, the restaurant requested (in advance) that we do a prix-fixe menu.  That was fine with us.  \nThe menu choices were alright, but I was certainly not blown away by the options.   Our options for apps were a poached pear salad, charcuterie (all pates), or "tiny white fish".  I chose the fish, not realizing that it is many individual whole fish, deep fried in batter.  While delicious, I was a bit put off once I learned exactly what I was eating.  \nOur options for mains were scallops, steak frites, or duck.  Almost everyone chose the steak frites.  While enjoyable, it was nothing to write home about.  Others in my group were far more impressed than I was.  \n\nDessert was impressive.  They brought us all empty dessert plates, and it occurred to me that it was going to be family-style dessert.  I immediately worried that there would not be enough to go around.  But they then began to bring out plate after plate of warm, fresh-baked cookies (delicious!).  And just when we thought that was enough to go around, they also brought out fresh, warm "doughnuts" (timbit-shaped).   Dessert won me over.  \n\nService was decent (although the waitress confused the bill and told us an incorrect per-person cost which would not have covered the whole bill.... luckily we double-checked her math before too many people left and underpayed).  They gave us the back room to ourselves which worked out great, although the acoustics weren't great and it seemed excessively noisy and difficult to hear each other.\n\nI understand their brunch and full menu are beyond impressive.  So I may try this place again.  I enjoyed it, but won't be sending everyone there in a rush.
Still can't believe how unprofessional this hair stylist is! What a terrible experience today! I booked the appointment online through her online booking system, after which she confirmed the appointment. I booked it several days in advance - so it was not a short notice booking. My appointment was supposed to be at 11 am. I didn't have a car today, so I took a bus which took me 40 min one way. Arrived at 11 am, her "suite" is locked, no one is there. I waited for 30 minutes, called her cell phone - her voice mail box is full. She never called back, never texted, never emailed to explain or apologize or reschedule. \n\nJennifer. It doesn't matter how good of a hair stylist you are (which makes me really doubt you are a good one), but you cannot be so utterly unprofessional, rude, and inconsiderate of your customers. At least, you could have picked up your phone and apologized. I wasted 3 hours of my day because of you. And based on previous reviews, this is not the first time, not even the second time, it happens. But i wanted to give you a chance anyway. Very VERY disappointing.
Horrible hotel!!! Staff is either rude or doesnt speak English and just stares. 24hour shuttle is a lie. The hotel was annoyed when I called for a shuttle from the airport and told me I would have to take the super shuttle. My room was dirty. There was dried food on the floor, rust in the tub, and mold in the bathroom and on the ceiling. I should have known better...on the drive to the hotel all the businesses have bars on the Windows.
The first indication that we would not be pleased was this is the first BBQ place I've ever been to where you walk in and we did not smell smoke!\n\nThere was no one else in the place except some of the help that were just sitting around.\n\nThe gentleman that explained the menu to us let us know that they no longer made the pork loin, they were out of the salmon and 2 of the sides.\n\nI ordered a 3 meat platter with pulled pork, ribs ($4 upcharge) and brisket.\n\nI was told that the only brisket they had was shredded that they just broke down. (to me that means old)\n\nThe mainstay of any Texas BBQ joint is brisket... and they had none.\n\nWe just left.
My wife and I did a little staycation here for one night. It is very close to work. First of all there is no self park unless you park at the aria and walk through the aria to the vdara. 25$ to use vdara valet. They have no other options. I know in big cities you are used to paying for parking but Vegas is not a pay to park place.\nFront desk was very nice. The hotel in general is very nice there is no casino a spa a smaller pool. The room is contemporary. The mattress wasn't close to new. It was a 2009 sealy pillow top worn down from 8 years of use. \nFood service in room dining was phenomenal we got breakfast and dinner. Shrimp scampi was delicious along with the lava cake desert. \nSo so for a top tier hotel. If it's priced under 100$ I'd stay again but not a top choice
These guys do a decent job. The only thing is that they really need a nail technician that has some artistic flare. When I asked to get a " design" which was basically Polk dots and an arrow, they kept asking me why I wanted that. Thought it was a bit odd... really that should've been my hint. Arrows don't look like arrows at all. I'll try another place.
Came here today for the first time with 2 friends.  Great atmosphere.  We sat at the bar which was nice. The bar opened to the outside and it had a few nice flat screen tv's.  Lauren was our Bartendar and she was very nice and attentive. We were served our margaritas and chips and salsa right away.  Margaritas were really good.  I got the Muy Flaco and my friends got the Cruz and blackberry pomegranate margarita.  The salsa was very tasty.  The hot salsa had a nice little kick to it.  For the food,  I got the carne adovada.  The pork was really tender.  My friends got the stacked enchiladas and the fish enchiladas.  They both loved the food and said it was very tasty..  Very generous portions.  We will definitely be back.
We ate at this place on 1\/8\/2010 Friday afternoon, we ordered a Buffalo berger (meal) and a fish chip meal. Starting at 2-3 am Sat morning, we cannot stop vomiting till Sunday morning. We were there for CES show but ending up staying at the hotel room only. We were so sick we couldn't even get out of bed till Sunday Morning, then we went home.... We didn't make it to the CES..... :( \n\nThey need to watch out how they handle the food...it is terrible.....
Great facility, beautiful view, and surprisingly good food too!  My company hosted our annual awards ceremony here a few weeks ago and a good time was had by all!
Nice atmosphere, especially outside patio.  Strange to see some people dressed gym casual on a Friday night, as well as some kids.  They poured Chimay into a pilsner glass, so bad marks for that.  Falaffel appetizer was nice, but Falaffel itself was too finely ground and flavorless.  Salads were really outstanding.  Enchiladas, also, were very good.  Thai short ribs were pretty good as well.  Great dessert options.  Overall pricey, but fair.
Bone in parm is incredible. Come back every time we go to Vegas. Atmosphere is definitely not impressive but still nice. Staff is very friendly
.Dr. Bonaci of Arizona Pain and Posture was recommended to me by several different pain specialists over the years. When the drugs prescribed stopped being fully effective, I ventured into the world of Dr. Bonaci.  I hesitated to go at first because when they described him as a "Chiropractor" I had visions of cracking, crunching and even more pain. My chronic pain often changes locations and varies from sharp spikes to burning and aching. Many doctors don't understand the elusive issues associated with fibromyalgia\/chronic fatigue, much less have compassion and the skills to help. Dr. Bonaci is an amazingly intuitive and gifted doctor who takes a sincere interest in each of his patients. He is the perfect balance of a Chiropractor-Physiotherapist-Naturopathic Healer. Dr. Bonaci's signature therapy techniques include painless movement and perfected manipulation of muscles, tendons, ligaments and soft tissue, stretching and maneuvering the body until he is satisfied with the realignment. Holly, his personally trained professional therapist, massages and manipulates my body as the "softening" prolog to Dr. Bonaci's artful hands. Believe me, you can feel the difference immediately, but it gets even better with more time and treatments. There are no painful crunches or adjustments.  Dr. Bonaci knows the most efficient path to every pain. This may sound weird, but I am often surprised when he manipulates areas that I had no clue were associated with the pain that I was having in a totally different area.  I highly recommend following the full personalized regime that he designs just for you as well, if you truly want lasting permanent results. It won't take long to be a believer as to how Dr. Bonaci, along with Holly, really can make a difference.
I have been going here on and off since it has opened its doors. The owner is so nice and she even opened up a clothing boutique next door to the tanning shop. Very cute stuff. The pricing is very reasonable and they always have coupons out.
Wow first time there and so happy. I only had one wrap and it's was prefect.  Like made in heaven the meat was super fresh. I couldn't stop dipping my wrap in the green sauce. It's so good. I can't wait to go back and try another sandwich. And the owner, I didn't catch his name but he was extremely nice.
After a long wait, butter avenue has finally opened!  Now I can tell you that I probably wouldn't have known about this place if it hadn't been for the hotel ocho event last year. \n\nEver since that first bite of their macarons, I was hooked. I immediately started stalking them on Facebook waiting them to open. Finally the day came and I rushed to go see them. \n\nNow you may wonder why I'm making such a big deal about this place, but I assure you that one bite will explain everything. Their macarons are light, soft chewy and fall apart in your mouth. I've had bad ones too that are kinda like Oreo cookies (bah). \n\nThey have an assortment of flavours (I think 11) such as sea salt caramel, green tea matcha, chocolate and more. I just bought 4 boxes and haven't tried every one but I can tell you which ones are my favorite. \n\nMy favorite ones are the sea salt caramel and matcha.  The sea salt caramel is just amazing. Probably the best balance of flavours and the chewy light texture of the macarons just add to the amazing experience. The matcha tea ones apparently have matcha tea from Japan which is amazing. You can instantly taste the matcha tea flavour and it's awesome. \n\nThey also serve coffee, tea, sandwiches and other pastries that apparently go fast. This place opened not too long ago so the word is going to start spreading pretty fast.  Come early and soon to avoid the wildfire that is starting. Mums the word ;-)
burger was pretty small and the entire thing was laced with grease. the bag was dripping wet. flavors were okay - nothing mind blowing. bread was decent but not a good ratio of meat and bread. patty was the worst part- no flavor and way thin compared to the bun. first time here so maybe it gets better
Rad jewelry custom made my engagement ring and I have to say that they did a great job! My then boyfriend and I shopped around and decided to go with rad jewelry because they have a large selection and Mohammed (owner) was knowledgeable and helpful. We ended up designing the ring from scratch and the process took just under a month. The ring is gorgeous and I am very happy with the result.
Today I had a grey time love the food but I would suggest a to go box gust for a adult meal and ther food is to good
Glad I found this place using Yelp!  Reviews are spot-on in regard to the coin laundry.  Excellent, new machines that are efficient and work well.  Location is clean, however parking can sometimes be an issue during busy times as it shares the parking lot with other popular businesses and a grocery store as well, but it wasn't a problem when I visited.  Just a heads up if you go during busy times.  Also, there as signs advertising the free Wi-fi, however you will need a password.  Just as the employees at the front desk and they will gladly provide.  GREAT experience here and will return when needed while on business in Toronto!!
Tried the smoke meat very very very small sandwich and expensive...and taste wise nothing special..would not go again..
Well hidden secret in Strip Mall.\nAbundant parking and great staff !\nHuge selection of drinks and smokes.\nWould have given 5 stars but no Papas\nPilar (Ernest Hemingway would be so very disappointed) ??? Coming back to AZ and Magnum next week-end, surprise me !!! \nThe Prichard's Private stock was a surprise find and Yamasaki 12 year malt were a nice substitute but show a little love for your Rum drinkers: 1 bottle of Papas Pilar PLEASE !!
Came to pick up 12 pizzas for an event. Staff welcomed me and made small talk while we waited. Pizzas were hot and fresh and the place was immaculately clean. Good specials too.
Very nice urgent care. I got In relatively fast after filing out a couple items of paperwork. They have a cash option if you don't have insurance. The doctor listened to my concerns. They have X-rays on site and are able to read them on site which is very convenient. Got my pain shot and rx and on my way. Great place.
Cake Boss? Where's the cake? They barely serve cake. The ravioli with tomato sauce on kids menu -which they were not serving until 5p and we were there at 4p. My Margarita Pizza was to thick and tasted like something I could make in the oven out of a box. We ordered a $9 apple pie for desert and Sara Lee does better.
The best Chicago style pizza I've had in Vegas and very close to the pizza a friend had delivered to me from Chicago's Giodarno's. It was huge, thick, and packed with cheese, toppings, and red sauce! Definitely worth the price! Omg I love their tomato sauce it is so tasty. The crust taste just like a pies. Best of all we ordered for pick up and when we got home it was still HOT!! When you take a bite it's all ooey gooey cheesy goodness!  We had one half pepperoni and the other pepperoni, mushroom, & spinach. Check out my picture of the pizza and you'll know I ain't lyin!
I had to go in today for both a MRI and a MRA.  First they had the wrong name in their system.  Then they insisted that I needed Contrast when my doctor said I didn't need it.  Then I waited over 1 hour to get to the actual test.  Then I was slid into the machine and panicked after 10 seconds.  Part of the problem was they never gave me a panic button.  The mirror was angled in a way that I could only see my own eyes instead of out the machine.  The headphones they gave me weren't even playing music.\n\nThey wouldn't even offer me to take a moment to breath and relax, instead they quickly pushed me away from the machine and back to the changing room while saying "Make sure you pay your co-pay".  I told them F* no I didn't even do the test, why should I pay?  Then they said you will need to reschedule with a sedation, however I would have to have someone come with me.  I have only one friend in Las Vegas, she is not able to take off of work just to take me to a MRI.  Other issue is the next available test date would be over 2 weeks away.\n\nI asked if I could run home (I live 15 minutes away) to get my friend to come with me for the sedation.  They said "We are Triple Booked and you will have to come another day"\n\nThey really lack any and all compassion.  They are run like a meat market where you take a number and they don't even care enough to make your experience pleasant.  Sad thing is, they are the only ones my Insurance will pay for.
Be prepare for the looong wait... We were here for the first time on a Saturday night and we had to wait for an hour but the wait was sooo worth it. The place is very small but cozy. I just loved this place can't wait to go back. Oh they have the Mexican coke (real sugar).
I recently visited Foxy Faces and had an awesome massage from Krystal. I have been a clients of Krystal's for quite some time but this was my first visit to Foxy Faces. The facility is very clean and comfortable. For my massage: Krystal was able to target my trouble spots and by the end of the massage I was completely relaxed and feeling better. She is very professional and the best massage therapist I have visited and I would definitely follow her anywhere! Looking forward to using some of the additional services offered at Foxy Faces as well.
My favorite place to eat In surprise! The schwarma is so juicy and well seasoned and the pita is nice and fluffy. So many Mediterranean places in Chicago and not much in Surprise. This ranks with some of the best.
I love this service. The vegetables are always fresh, the service is always timely, and the quality is great. Getting a bin every week feels like opening a gift, and the service has led me to try a bunch of new recipes I'd never have looked at twice, before. This is a great way to eat healthier food from local farmers. If you want to incorporate more fresh fruit and vegetables into your diet, this is how you do it.
My dog had been coughing for a few days and I thought that he had swallowed something in the backyard. I gave it some time because I thought that it would stop in a few days. Monday morning he started to look very ill. Being in a rush to get my dog looked at, I ran to the nearest vet, Burnhamthorpe Animal Hospital. Little did I know this was going to be a very bad decision.\n\nI called on Monday morning to make an appointment but they had nothing available in the evening, so I had to book an appointment during my lunch hour. My timeline was very tight as I had to go home, pick up my dog, take him to the vet, and then drop him back and get back to work within an hour. I had mentioned this when I made the appointment, and the receptionist told me that she would get him seen quickly and if there was any issue with timing based on other appointments, she would give me a call before I came in. I never heard back, so I assumed everything was good with timing. When I got there, I had to wait 15 minutes before we could be seen, and then another 15 minutes when the vet went away to get me a quote for her suggested examinations (I actually walked out and then was called back in, otherwise the wait would have been longer). I waited a total of 30 minutes, and my total stay there was 45 minutes!! I kept telling them that I was on probation at work and had to get back on time, but Dr. Kristin Agius didn't care and kept me back to see how much money she could squeeze out of me. \n\nShe could not tell what was wrong with my dog and suggested that he have x-rays done, then more x-rays and then a blood sample. She quoted me $500 for the first set of x-rays, so all of these steps would have cost under $1000, just to figure out what was wrong with him. After I said I could not afford it, she gave me many suggestions on how I can borrow money to pay her. She also charges $22 to write a prescription as "it is a service she is providing". I have never heard another vet charging to write a prescription. It became very clear to me that Dr. Kristin Agius is a money grabber. I was also turned off when I walked into her room with a very sick dog and she was making comments about how I am bringing in a pony.\n\nI went away, agreeing to have the x-rays done (she was going to charge me boarding to keep my dog there for x-rays for 4 hours while I went back to work and then came back to pick him up, but decided to credit me for it - seriously!?). When I picked him up, she thought he had kennel cough and gave me antibiotics for $100. She then followed up via email, and after I told her how my dog was not eating food, she suggested that I bring my dog back and hospitalize him on IV plus do bloodwork, ultrasound, repeat x-rays, and these diagnostics would cost in the thousands (she provided all the pricing). She also recommended that I take out a loan to finance this medical care and suggested either a bank or petcard.ca.\n\nI never took him back to the vet and he got better with the antibiotics. This vet just gave me a big scare and charged me $500 for a couple of x-rays and a bottle of pills (which she didn't even have a full supply of and I had to come back to pick up the rest). Avoid this vet at all costs!
BJs is a favorite for our family. There is always something for everyone when it comes to food and beer selection. Depending on the time of day you arrive, you will probably wait and have to park in the adjacent lot. One trick we used to do growing up that we still do, is drop one person off at the door to put our name down while the other parks. It saves time! \n\nAt BJs, they have a skinny menu that tells you the calories for the items. For those who don't care, there plenty of higher calorie tasty menu items as well- Burgers, Pizza flatbreads, etc\n\nBJs has also jumped on the Sriracha band wagon, a favorite hot sauce to us Asians. They have created a Mac and cheese with Sriracha sauce... Amazing! My daughter likes this dish and I have taken several bites off her plate, I do like it. If you want something spicy or have kids that have jumped on the Sriracha bandwagon, this is a GoTo.\n\nI really enjoy their lower calorie items like the seared Ahi tuna salad or their quinoa bowls. The ahi tuna salad is just fantastic. A large bowl of greens, with dabs of wasabi sauce on the sides of the dish. The ahi tuna is nicely seared and adds a fab protein. Highly recommend!
A generic sports bar, with ample outdoor space.  The food was standard and fine, but unimpressive.  It could have been any American-food mall restaurant with salads, ribs, buffalo wings, nachos, chicken tenders, sandwiches, beer etc ... just nothing impressive.  If someone wants to go there, I'll go back with them, but it would never be my first choice.
We rarely go to Swiss, but the experience at this location overall was disappointing. First, my wife ordered a healthy option, with a 'vegetable medley.' The vegetables came cold and raw. When I mentioned this, Susan insisted that the vegetables are raw because they are 'fresh.' I pondered if they were fresh from the ice block downstairs or from the microwave? Why would she respond like that instead of saying she would fix the issue? My wife then sat there for quite a bit of time before she got a replacement. When she asked for a diet coke, she brought an iced tea. Why all the hate?\n\nWhen I asked for utensils for my son who wasn't provided with any, Susan then said 'fork or spoon?' Then she dug into a wicker basket behind us and said 'here is fork.' Not sure where this animosity when coming from. We are good hardworking folk. \n\nFinally, asked for the bill, then waited ten\nMinutes while Susan seemed to avoid our table I fear of another complaint?\n\nDon't think I'll be heading back there!
First off I think it is hilarious that some people are taking off stars and confused about the ramen offerings here thinking that they needed to pay extra for noodles or adding in items and not ordering it at all instead of simply asking about it. Having eaten in ramen shops up and down the eastern and western coast I feel like I have to say this is simply how ramen is listed. Now on to the actual review.\n\nHaving drunken quite a fair bit and needing some food before resuming the aforementioned drinking fellow yelper Jonathon B. and I stumbled in here at around 9:30-10? for some grub. Well I have to say the place looks kinda cool, unfortunately we happened to be here at the worst possible time as a humongous group of people decided on this joint as the place to celebrate a birthday bash. Believe me it was highly annoying when all you can hear during a meal is constantly CHUG CHUG CHUG and FUCK YEAH BRO! Believe it or not it is okay to tell your guests to respect the other guests around them and stop yelling in your establishment.\n\nSpying monkfish liver on the menu I went with it because who doesn't love the Foie gras of the sea as an appetizer! I regretted it. While the texture is excellent the pairing of salmon ikura on top leaves it tasting so fishy that the pool of vinegar at the bottom failed to brace it down to tolerable levels. I also tried some of my dining partner's beef negimaki. The beef is nice, the asparagus is well cooked, but the presentation makes it pretty hard to eat. Shortly afterwards our ramen came out though and it was pretty good! The broth is very porky, makes me wonder if they didn't do the traditional parboiling to neutralize some of that or something. Anyways I like it but some people may not. The side items strewn throughout the soup were adequate if not amazing. The extremely major flaw I actually pointed out to the server was that you have listed a flavored egg as an item in the soup but all we have gotten is a hard boiled egg cut in half. I was met with an actual shrug of the shoulders and an eh! Hey you asked how everything was girl! Seriously though this is not how you should respond to an honest critique, please train your waitstaff better.\n\nIn conclusion and the words of our server: eh *shoulder shrug*
Recently came across this store, could't resist but to purchase some items because the prices were amazing in comparison to other sportswear brands (lululemon, lole, etc). and i must say i LOVE LOVE LOVE them! I feel good and i look good in their clothes. The staff was extremely knowledgable and helpful when it came to finding my right size. I would highly recommend this brand to anyone and will definitely be returning!!
I've been here quite a few times, including last night.  I like this place, it is a solid choice for food and drinks.  My friend and I headed to the patio.  He had a yummy dish and a beer.  I just had a beer.  The patio is awesome, although getting to it is confusing for new-comers.  I like the vibe, it is very laid back.\n\nI remember eating here years ago, and being happy with my meal.  My only complaint and it isn't really a complaint, was that the service is a bit slow.  Other than that, great space for food, drinks and a catch-up!  They've been around for as long as I can remember, and I think in Toronto that says a lot!
I went here with my girlfriend and I was not sure what to expect. I had been to BRGR and Burgatory before and had not been overly impressed. I was pleasantly surprised by the industrial decor upon entering. \n\nThe service was fast and friendly. When we ordered, I had originally planned to get a mini burger, but our server suggested the larger as it was twice the portion size for a $3 up-charge. \n\nOur food came out quickly; I had the Maggie's Farm and my girlfriend had the Fox Chapel. Both of us were very impressed. She went as far as to say that it was the best burger that she had had. I would certainly put it in my top 5. We both decided to get the Rosemary Fries as an upgrade and theh were flavorful and refreshing. The portions were spot on and left both of us feeling satisfied, but not overly full. I will definitely be coming back here when I'm in town next time.
Very affordable for the amount of food. Also the food is deliciously tasty. Clean establishment, quick take out, friendly staff.  I shared my thali with a friend as there was plenty of food.  Not really a place you would drive across the city for, but if you're in this hood, this place is a must if you're a local.
I heard that Kawaii was under new ownership and recently had a perfect Maricopa Health Inspection so I thought I could give Kawaii another try.\n\nWe ordered the most common of sushi to try that should be fresh.\n\nA Salmon Surprise Roll and Sushi of Tuna and Yellowtail.\n\nWhen the sushi came out I knew immediately  that this was not pristine fresh as it should be. (see close up of Yellowtail Photo) \n\nHonestly I never had sushi anywhere that looked that bad including budget buffets.\n\nI took a chance eating the sushi.\n\nThe sushi was put loosely together and most of the pieces fell apart when we ate them. \n\nThe tuna and yellowtail pieces weren't seasoned under the fish as they should be.\n\nReally the worst tasting of the sushi was the salmon surprise roll. It was the only one that had an actual raw fish taste to it. I guess raw fish taste was the surprise.\n\nNone of the sushi really tasted fresh. \n\nI only like fresh sushi.\n\nThis sushi I didn't like and is why some people won't eat sushi.\n\nA while latter our stomachs ached but we didn't get sick. \n\nIf they didn't have any fresh fish the server should have suggested a stir fry to me.\n\nBYE BYE KAWAII AND SAYONARA!\n\nI WILL NOT BE BACK!
I don't understand the reviews for poor customer service and items not functioning. I know for a fact that they test everything they get in and test every item before they sell it. When you go in you can even see where they test the games and systems behind the counter. \nAnyways, this place is awesome. The 2 that own it are super nice and helpful if you are looking for something specific (I've been greeted by a smile and asked if I needed any help looking for anything every time I've come in). Their prices are very good for cart only games as well as complete boxed games(if you are a collector of any kind). They are different from other retro game stores in the way that they don't have 100 Nintendo games with 99 of them being sport titles and the 1 left over being Mario\/Duckhunt.  What they have are quality games from past and present. They have NES, SNES, N64, Sega Genesis, Sega Megadrive, Sega Dreamcast, Atari 2600, PS1, PS2, PS3, Xbox, Xbox360, and even more. Not to mention they are one of the only places I've seen that sells systems for a decent price(no $80 yellow super nintendo's here!). They also have free to play game cabinets set up if you want to get the nostalgia juices flowing with some Metal Slug or Street Fighter. Even if they don't have something you want, just let them know what it is and they will take down your name, number, and whatever it is you are looking for and give you a call when it comes in. All and all this is a great place no matter if you are a modern gamer, retro collector, or just looking for that game that kicked your butt when you were a kid.
Love it, stayed over the weekend. Very good service and polite. Definitely will be back.
Reef Culture has an exceptional selection with some of the rarest livestock I have seen. The fish selection is the best I have seen. They have several fish I've never even heard of before and many I've never seen available before at a valley store. The coral selection is very good as well, although not as exceptional compared to other local fish stores. The selection of inverts is good, they have all the basics you'd need for a solid cleanup crew, but I would say this is one area that could use a little improvement.\nAll of the displays are gorgeous and well maintained, the store has a great ambiance when you walk in, and they have a pretty good selection of tanks and supplies.\nThe only downsides to this store is that it seems you would pay 10-20% more for a lot of the livestock. Also, although the staff seems quite knowledgeable, they were also rather rude on my latest experience, and just indifferent on my previous. Not very courteous.
What a nice little treat . We stopped by the "Shack" to give the Hippies a try. \nWe instantly enjoyed the decor and feel  of the place. Quaintness abounds, funky posters, kitschy  knick knacks  and  bright colors give it a groovy feel. While not someplace I would bring the whole family this is a good place to stop for a quick bite or a snack.  This is not a sit down eating establishment , you go in place your order ( try the three taco combo)   and then wait outside. There are picnic tables , stools and pub stools around the outside to sit at. It was a clear beautiful day so very nice. \n\nThe hubby and  I   tried  pork, chicken and beef tacos which were all fresh and tasty.Tacos and  burritos were on fresh flour tortillas and had cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce and great spices. My husband also ordered a fish burrito which was ginormous  and he swore it  was over a pound . We also got cans of soda and ate all this for 11.00  not bad. No soda on tap.\n\nI must mention that the owner( ?)  made us feel right at home and was super nice and even funny. His attitude was a big plus and made the eating more enjoyable. It was easy to see he enjoys his work .
On September 2 I brought my Lab in for acupuncture. I was told by another doctor at another animal hospital my dog sprained her knee. My primary vet was out of town and thought let's try and help with the swelling of her knee because the dog could not walk. When the doctor saw my dog she immediately said and I quote, " I cannot help your dog with acupuncture because she BLEW out her knee."  What!? Now I'm in panick mode worried for my dog how did this happen. They tell me we need to prpare her for surgery as soon as possible. Let's get the blood work done today so she can meet with the surgeon we recommend and who comes up from Tuscon oh and he's the best! NOT! That visit cost $288.00 Then we come back in two weeks to see the surgeon He takes ex-rays etc. Says oh yes your dog needs knee surgery at the cost of $2300.00 minimum. that consultaion with the surgeon was another $276.00. The surgeon then says go home start to walk your dog 5 minutes a day building up to 20 minutes a day over the next 4 weeks and call me to let me know her progress. What!? I'm baffled at this point but I listened to the idiot!!! Here we are 4 weeks later my dog is not doing well I call him to ask if we can see him to get going on this KNEE surgery. But oh he was on vacation and I was bothering him obviously! At least that was the impression he gave me. So furious with his lack of concern I decided not to seek any more advice from this facility and got yet another opinion from another doctor who finally diagnosed my dog CORRECTLY!!  Much to my surprise my dog has PERFECTLY HEALTHY KNEES!!! No degeneration what so ever!!! In fact she Strained her Iliopsoas Muscle. Needless to say what a disappointment. Time, money, tears lost because of the misdiagnosis. Now finally my dog is in phyical therapy in the proper care and finally on the long slow road to recovery. Thanks for nothing!!
Bob Never fails us! The combination pan roast was amazing as usual! I'm always tempted to try something new but I absolutely love the combination an roast and my husband the chicken gumbo! Margie provided great service and was really nice and accommodating! RIP Ms Deloris we love you!
Only been for coffee and light food fare.  Food was pricy - and atmosphere, may be trying too hard.  I try my hardest to support local, and support downtown, but may be a miss for me.  The one worker, had a really saucy attitude - not to be expected at such a place. Will give it another shot!
This is an OK place to go and hang out with some friends after work and maybe get some chips and salsa. I went there for dinner and it's basically what you'd expect from a chain Mexican restaurant. I was not impressed. There are much better places to go if you are in the mood for Mexican food.
The food here  is pretty good. I feel that the burgers a dollar or two above their worth, but hey you're on the Vegas strip and that's what you pay if you want something besides Mc Ds. \n\nthey have spike Milk shakes so if you're an alcoholic or like alcohol then you may like this place. I want to thank the bartender for asking me if I wanted it with alcohol or not.\n\nI ordered the Billionaire buger. It's a burger named after one of the owners (i'm assuming bill). it's priced accurately for a burger with foie gras and it comes with fries. \n\nI can't accurately rate the burger because I ate it at the hotel and didn't have a chance to taste it as soon as it was made ( I wanted to share with my friends). Over all I like the burger, but I think I kinda over paid.  The burger was good, but it wasn't roll back your eye OMFG WTF BBQ good.
Updated review:\n\nAfter a day, the chrome started chipping off and the gel polish was coming off as well. No offense but I paid $100 (Before tip) to get ONLY my nails done and this is unacceptable. Way too overpriced for bad quality. \n\n----\n\n\nCame here last night to get my nails done. Staff was very accommodating, the manager even provided complimentary mimosas! I love that it's close by the strip and open late, perfect for both people that are visiting and for locals as well. Kristy was my nail tech\/artist and she was absolutely amazing! I love her sense of humor and I love how she's very particular with her work and takes her time. She listens and delivers exactly what you ask for! You don't even have to tell her to fix something (bump, uneven shape, etc) because she throughly double checks everything so that your nails look flawless by the time you leave. Price wise, I would say this place might be on the higher end? But at the same time I've never gotten a design on all 10 fingers so I'm not sure what to compare it too. But overall I definitely think it was worth it and I'm happy
The husband and I got the deep tissue massage for $30\/hour. We had a mostly private room that held up to four people but we were the only two people in the entire place for most of the time today. Warm foot soak followed by the massage of the neck and shoulders first. Then stretched out onto the rest of the chair for the remainder of the massage which included some hot stone which was nice. Definitely like lazy mans yoga, but we were happy and relaxed campers upon exit. Definitely will keep this place in our to do list on future Vegas trips!
Wow. James is so friendly and accommodating. We sat and had a conversation about where he's from and how he cooks. He let me sample the greens to be sure I liked them. I ordered them along with a rib sandwich. The flavors of both were great.  I will be returning for sure. \n\nUpdate.... I've been back 2 more times having rib tips, brisket, and the pulled pork. Oh, and Mac and cheese. Everything is delicious.
I'm originally from St Louis, so I understand why I couldn't find St. Louis Bread Co...\n\nI love the pecan rolls and coffee oh and wifi to read news. Place is very clean, I think the girl taking order was stressed that day. But no biggie I got my food fast and coffee was hot so no complaints.
Cozy little restaurant with decent food and good service. Food items are definitely hit or miss. My trout was excellent but the pizzas were not very good. The mussels came covered in some kind of heavy sauce but the French fries were good. Seems like a very local place which was nice with lots of regulars. Skip the brownie dessert, it was dry and burnt with cherries inside, the creme caramel was much better.
Delicious and truly authentic ala-carte filipino restaurant!! My entire family decided to have dinner there and enjoyed our experience. Staff was attentive, menu selection was plentiful, and food was amazing! Taking all my relatives from the east coast there for sure.
My wife and I had a lovely dinner at the Palm at Ceasar's Palace last week. \n\nBoth Filet Mignon pieces were excellent and service was top-notch. My only ding was for the amount of noise in the Palm during dinner. Really didn't expect that. \n\nPlease take note that if you are trying to find this inside Ceasar's Palace, that the walk to the shops and restaurants is filled with the stench of cigarette smoke from the decades of smoking at the Ceasar's casino. \n\nI did not ding the Palm for that, but I wanted to lt you be aware of that.
Both DevaCurl stylists are amazing. The Parlor's a very low key but modern salon. I drive a long way to get there but it's totally worth it. I love that I get texts to remind me about my appointments and when my first stylist left Doug called me to tell me when the new DevaCurl stylists were available.
Yeah it's cheap, yeah the $10 ticket gets you 24 hours access to the Montreal subway\/bus system, yeah even many buses have Wifi.\n\nBut -- to buy the ticket ON THE BUS, you must have cash.... in... wait for it...\n\nCOINS ONLY!\n\nThis is totally lame. Depending on how the machines are working inside the airport, you may not be able to buy a ticket any other way.
After waiting two and a half hours for my food and calling four times the woman I spoke too blamed me for not answering my phone. The reason I did not answer was because they called the wrong number, which they also typed incorrectly on the receipt which the driver showed me while he apologized for the stupidity of his coworkers. The food was horrible. I fed it to my dog.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
We ate two types of fried rice and chicken dishes. All on the table agreed it was probably the best Chinese food we ate outside China. Delicious food, upscale ambience (though it's very brightly lit). Service was great except they got my soup after getting some of the mains!
This is the worst hotel we've stayed at.  It's dirty, run down, and the staff doesn't care.  We checked in to our room very late in the evening.  The sliding glass door was broke and didn't lock.  We called maintenance, they came twice and couldn't fix it.  We moved to another room.  This room looked like someone puked all over the carpet.  The toilet leaked.  There was a very loud party going on next to us; which lasted until 7am.  The next night our room keys quit working.  We went to the front desk twice to get them rescanned; but they still didn't work.  We had to have security escort us to our room so we could get in.  Steer clear of this dump.
The food in this place is worth the hassle on getting on the bus, $2\/person, 1 way from the strip on a 90 degrees weather.\n\nFood is yummmmm.....yummmmmm yummmmmmm... and I kept telling my bf.. *darn, why don't they open one in the bay area!!!! However, I was a bit turned off by the overly-honest-and-intimidating server when we first walked up to the counter. He had noticed that I had a gift certificate on hand and he was not too fond of it. Well, don't participate on the discounted website if you don't wish people to use it then..*sigh!!!\n\nI agree with some reviewers that the prices are quiet steep for burgers and fries...We spent about $26 for 1 pastrami burger, 1 regular pastrami sandwich, 1 bacon cheese fries and 2 drinks...but well... they loaded quiet lots of pastrami on them..so no complaint about that!!! Although.. it's weird... the food.. though it's huge-looking..didn't seem to last in our stomach long...we were hungry again in a couple hours!!! \n\nWe definitely plan to come back when we're in Vegas..but for those who are interested to try.. please make sure you're not super hungry when you get there.. though it's a fast-food.. the service is pretty slow.. they only have 1 cook and 1 server...and lots of customers.. not sure if it was due to an afternoon (lunch time though) visit...but it took about 20 minutes to get our food.. so that was quiet a wait.. but worth it!\n\nyummy!
I have been here several times for lunch and a couple times for breakfast. I really enjoy the sandwiches available for lunch and I often buy some kind of pastry to take to my husband that he really loves. It has been a while since I had breakfast here in the past and I decided to stop in again today. I ordered the Ham & gruyere cheese frittata. I quickly realized that it was the same thing I ordered on my previous breakfast visit. The cheese tasted more like a Brie to me, which Is not my favorite. The potatoes and toast were good. I would probably return for breakfast and try something else. I will definitely come back for lunch because the sandwiches are sooo good.
Came here for a fun late night game of miniature golf with friends. While the parking lot was mostly empty and a few families inside, the staff was attentive but mainly focused on cleaning up. Why three stars? Well there was a terrible sewage smell everywhere. Most of the golf course was soaked and the stench of the smell was everywhere. Made playing nauseating. Other than that it was fair pricing and friendly staff. As a side note, the course could use more lights\/lamps at night. Some parts of it was so dark we could barely see.
I barley finished my aesthetic course but I did and it was no thanks to the instructors! This school is only interested in getting you to hopefully pass the state exam for licensing and not teaching you even the basics. They focus mainly on your hours and testing, but I must say that 80% in this field should be hands on and there is not much teaching in that. The instructors as well as the administration staff are very unprofessional. Please look elsewhere for beauty school. School is not cheap this is my fair warning.
Super leckeres Essen - allerdings mit langen Wartezeiten ist zu rechnen wenn das Restaurant mehr als halb voll ist,....\nAber alles in allem sehr empfehlenswert
Club" is outdated and dumpy. This place should never have a cover. Drinks are way overpriced and watered down.  Most boys are ok to look at. Julio aka "Keith Williams" took me to the back room for a private dance. What a mistake, he could bairley stand up because he was so messed up and then shoved my hand in his shorts and ask me if I wanted to take him home or needed and goods. Place went from fantasy to trash pretty quickly. Would not go back.
Not a bad selection for all you can eat sushi but I have been to better with others when placing orders with an iPad. Restaurant was busy for lunch and they did bring out our food fast which was an added bonus. Wish they had more tofu options on the menu but it was a great experience.
I found Gemtime about 2 years ago. I have been going there exclusively since. John is extremely smart in his trade. I have had watches repaired, links removed, and batteries replaced. He will honestly tell you whether a watch is worth the cost of a repair or if you should just replace it. True customer service here! John is so personal that I have found myself stopping by to just say Hi. Having done so much business with him...I now consider him a friend and not just a business that I patronize. It is close in my neighborhood so very convenient. He also has a very friendly dog named 'big'. Big occasionally 'works' with John at the shop. :) \n\nI would trust John with any watch I own from a simple Invicta or Timex to my Rolex.\n\nGive him a shot...and you to will soon find you have a 'friend' in the watch business.
BEST ITALIAN RESTAURANT IN ARIZONA! I don't think I can ever move out of state, I would miss this place too much! Their free dinner bread is the best bread around! I don't know what they do to it, but I eat at least 3 loaves each time I go! Their adult mac and cheese is like nothing I have ever tasted. Its spicy  but ohhh so delicious. Their steak and blue salad is outstanding..I have had so many things on the menu and am never disappointed. I LOVE THIS PLACE! Oh and the prices are amazing for the quality you get!  $12 a plate on average with free unlimited delicious bread, ummmm yes please!
Everything I tried here was delicious! Fried chicken is great, as is the crispy shrimp Caesar salad. Drinks are a little on the expensive side- $6 for a beer! Cute atmosphere and a nice patio with heat lamps.
How sad am I that Mehran closed!!!!!!\n----------------------------------------\n\nI'm new to the Toronto area and living in College Park. Living in the California Bay Area turned me into a true snob when it comes to desi food. I have a particular inclination towards north indian\/pakistani cuisine as the flavors are just so rich. Its been a challenge finding places that match up to my expectations, but Mehran has met the mark. The flavor is spot on. The spice is perfect. The texture and ratio of ingredients is fantastic. Their naan is great. Plus, they rotate their selection often and I am always impressed that when I get a particular craving somehow they know and the item is there.  The other day I had a hankering for chana dal kadu. I bought a kadu at Loblaws and figured I'd go to Mehran and buy some chana dal curry and simmer some kadu into it. Low and behold - - they had chana dal kadu that day. Hello happiness.\n\nNow, buyer beware, this is not a romantic restaurant spot. In fact, I think the average diner would be turned off just to see this place from the outside. It looks like a desi diner -- and I guess in some ways it is. The food is on display and you choose what you want and they heat it and pack it up. You can eat in, but don't expect a fine dining experience. Its ok by me, but I figure full disclosure is important.
This place is great ! Fresh ingredients , you make your way , I like that a drink is included in the price of your bowl. Friendly service . The outcome of your work is delicious ! Very filling ! We will for sure make this a regular place to visit !\nAnd they serve booze :)
I admit my expectations were pretty high based on the other reviews and word of mouth advertising on this place.  Based on that admittedly high expectation, I will say overall I was disappointed.\n\nI went with a friend and we ordered the table side guacamole, Pollo Poblano and Pescado del Mar.  The guacamole was about average...nothing special (ours also had cranberries instead of the pomegranate seeds) .  The Pollo Poblano was definitely a better dish than the Pescado del Mar....tender chicken and a pretty good sauce.  The Pescado del Mar was the disappointing part of the meal.  The dish was served warm (not hot by any means) and the seafood was cooked inconsistently...the shrimp and lobster were fine, but the halibut and scallops were cooked unevenly (some parts were fine, while others seemed undercooked).  The potatoes served with both dishes were the best part of the meal.\n\nWe also had the specialty margarita of the day, which was very tasty, but we agreed it was slightly overpriced ($15).\n\nOur server was exceptional and the staff in general was very friendly.\n\nWill I go there again?   I might roll the dice and try another dish (like the Cochinita Pibil).\n\nOverall, an OK experience that I thought was slightly overpriced ($110 dinner and a drink for 2, including the tip).
- Room was dingy, oddly laid out, with a tiny, dirty bathroom.\n- Giant cart of dirty towels sat outside out room from check-in until 11pm or so, even after we asked for the removal of them.\n- Front entrance and bar reek of some sort of cheap scent. Anyone with allergies should avoid.\n- Bartender did not know basic drinks, like an old-fashioned.\n- We had room service for dinner and breakfast - very slow, presentation was not on par with a "luxury" experience in ANY way. Very very sub par experience.\n- Extremely noisy from the street outside all night - until about 4am.
Jackie chan's favorite and the sexy albacore roll were my favorite. The banana dessert was amazing! Has happy hr and Groupon specials.
By far the best Cane's I've been to. The line moves quickly and we had our food 30 seconds after taking our seats. The food was fresh, hot, crunchy, and of good quality. As I was gathering my trash an employee came over and offered to finish cleaning up for me, wished us a good day with a pleasant smile on her face, and we were on our way. Excellent!
Amazing!!!! I can't get over how amazing this place is for people that had children\n\nOmg!!! They have everything in this casino to keep kids busy for dayssss\n\nI just discovered the AdventureDome and that's life. \nThey have huge rides, roller coaster and a bunch of carnival games to arcade games! \n\nThey also have a separate section of arcade games and cranial games\n\nThey also have performers performing every 30mins or so! And the shows are great! It's a must!
I didn't think the place was anything special, but I wouldn't mind coming back if I was in the area.  I had a bratwurst with sauerkraut and a white hot, wife had the regular burger, and the kids had chili dogs and a burger.\n\nI didn't think the white hot was spicy at all and the bratwurst was lacking flavor.  The wife said the burger was just the right size and the kids liked their food.  We didn't think the food was bad, but we wouldn't go out of my way for it.\n\nThey charge 25 cents for a refill, but the large sodas we ordered were more than sufficient for the meal and we didn't need a refill at all.
I love Changing Hands! It's more than a bookstore, they also have great gifts and unique trinkets...don't be suprised if you walk out of the store with 5 more things than you intended to buy. The staff is wonderful...I've called 2 different times to look for a book I couldn't find, includingone that was out of print and both times the associate I spoke with took the time not only to look in the computer but also check the shelves for me. This is a great place to hang out and just browse as well. Plus it smells like books new and old, which if I could bottle and wear daily I would. :)
This is definitely a solid spot for a great priced Chinese restaurant. I had the shrimp in garlic sauce and then honey walnut shrimp. Both were really good. I had the fried rice as well but was not a big fan. It was hard and undercooked. Noodles are spot on. Worth a try
I like the Halloween displays. Interesting selection of costumes and other items that are not found in similar stores. Would come back again.
Great overall experience. The only downside was there were a lot of bugs around the outside of the ice cream containers which was concerning. Otherwise the ice cream was great and the customer service was good.
Hadn't been to this HD location in a while.  The last time it left a lot to be desired but this trip was quite nice.  The store was clean and they had plenty of the gardening supplies I was after at a terrific price.  The staff was very courteous and helpful as well.
Stella's is one of those places where you think it could be awesome because it seems family owned, quaint, and according to restaurant.com you should be getting a good deal. . .wrong.\n\nThe pizza is average, after having Danny Boys and Frankie's, this pizza just doesn't cut it for me. Maybe that's why I was able to get a $25 gift certificate on restaurant.com for for only $3. \n\nNeedless to say, Stella, you did not win my fine Italian heart over.
3.5 STARS\n\nA few friends and I decided to check this place out to get some food and some drinks and just chill.  Located on a side street it doesn't look like much from the outside but wow when you enter in (through the drapes!) it looks so fancy inside - in that dark and sexy vibe.  Having no reservations our group of 7 had no issues getting a table.  \n\nThe menu for food isn't extensive but interesting (at least the dinner\/late night menu) - the drinks are all unique and lovely sounding.  I had the Cucumber Collins with coriander.  I love coriander and will pretty much order anything with it in it.  It had a light and refreshing taste with that coriander syrup really coming through.  Yum for me!   As I only wanted something to nibble on I decided on the olives and bread snack.  It was ok - olives and bread - you can't screw that up too much..lol.  Others at the table ordered wings (yum) and some cheese tater tot things - also good.  Another person had a burger - I didn't have a bite but others who did said it was really juicy and good.  \n\nI found the service a little lacking - it seemed after a while there was only one server - he was very polite and nice but it took awhile to get our order in, the food, and then to pay.  The restaurant was about half to 3\/4 full when we were there so I think they need another server later in the evenings.  However this wouldn't stop me from coming back.  Per their sign they also do brunch so I definitely want to check that out soon.
Pretty good chicken shawarma for the price ($6), very flavourful! \nThe service was amazing and super fast! \nGreat place for a quick bite
They added just a regular hot wing sauce which you can have on the side or (better yet) dipped. THIS WAS AMAZING.
Our new favorite pizza spot! Affordable and the delivery was pretty quick. They also followed our specifications when we ordered and made sure everything was cooked well-done, just the way we like it!
Mark is absolutely amazing! I walked in yesterday to see if I could get a consultation and set up an appointment for my tattoos. I wanted two tattoos that were pretty small and dainty so Mark was able to squeeze me in. He did an arrow on my right arm and a rose on my right hip - they are PERFECT! The lines are so straight and it's everything I wanted, thank you Mark.
Service was on par, although I did hear the waitress complain about getting a small tip from the table next to us. One of the diners wanted Sriracha sauce to add to the ramen and was told there was none. Which led to a full blown inquiry amongst her friends of whether they were at a Japanese restaurant or not and why wouldn't they have Sriracha. Our seating was too close to others and that constant complaining was getting in on our dining experience. \n\nThe ramen was ok. The noodles didn't meld with the broth as much as I had hoped and tasted as though it had been recently boiled (which is good) but lacked that oomph. Hubs got the sesame ramen, but under the lighting, we couldn't tell what it was until we got home and poured out the leftovers. It was a white broth, not yellow (from the lighting). There wasn't much flavor to the sesame ramen, but thankfully, I ordered the more flavorful shoyu tonkatsu. The appetizers were decent. We ordered the skewered shrimp and curry chicken wings. One of my wings, which was larger than the other two, was undercooked. \n\nWe'll try it again once things get more established..maybe.
I am so shocked by the previous review about the bad service! I have been taking my car there forever and Johnny and his whole team have been nothing but top notch. They always treat me like I am #1 and I also really appreciate about them is that they don't ever over charge, they don't push you around and they just tell you how it is and do what they can to help you. \n\nI recommend this place, absolutely! I don't feel comfortable taking my vehicle anywhere else. Thanks Oasis, you guys rock!
After being under the weather all weekend, when lunch on Monday rolled around I wasn't feeling like walking in 93 degree steamy heat to get some food.  Luckily I saw that Potbelly delivers. Their online ordering process was easy to use, they delivered when promised and the order arrived complete with all the appropriate temperatures.  I got the chicken salad flatbread and a frozen strawberry lemonade.  Very tasty.  Can't wait until I feel better and the heat tones it down a notch so I can visit the shop.
Other then the views the place is a dump, don't waste your time and money eating here either. Service is great and the staff is very friendly but it's a roach motel in the sky. Also very awkward having to go thru a metal detector on vacation to go see the views.
It's one of those places I'm glad to have near my work, because I don't feel all that bad about forgetting to pack a lunch. Only having gone during the day, Saloon offers a varied lunch menu with plenty of options at three different price brackets. The service is fast and friendly and the kitchen is consistent. Whether you're in the mood for a sandwich or burger, or perhaps a healthier alternative (I recommend the salmon with roasted veggies and mashed potatoes) you're sure to find something tasty without breaking the bank.\n\nI've gone back multiple times and will continue doing so.
We were at a D-Backs game and my wife suggested we hold off on crappy stadium food and hit the Pasta Bar. Downtown Phoenix isnt exactly known for great places to eat (excluding Bianco) and the entire metro area in Maricopa County isn't known for places that stay open late.\n\nSo it was a pleasant surprise to see that the pasta bar stays open until 2am. Its located in the back of a little strip mall and could be a little challenging to find. The décor is metro-hip and reflects the slowly changing character of downtown Phoenix.\n\nThe pasta bar specializes in one thing: homemade Italian pasta served in bowls. Don't go expecting ordinary pasta..These dishes are from the mother country. The ingredients are stellar and you will be glad you came.\n\nI see several people complaining at the price. The pasta bar is not the olive garden..its really a pasta specialty house and you will pay more for the quality of ingredients and all their pastas are home made. My wife had the Orricheite (spelling I know) and I had the pasta with the ribeye steak in it. Both were really good. We also shared some fried mozzarella.\n\nWhile some found the portions small I found it more than adequate and I'm an eater. I did get a side of the meatballs which were out of this world. If your down in Phoenix and looking for a place that stays open past 9 (just like the big cities) try the pasta bar.
Frequent lunch spot, service is normally good.
Super yummy spicy burrito couldn't resist plenty of flavor and sauces to pick from staff were super attentive great ice tea fresh would come back anytime and would recommend to all ...
I ordered a box of Eclairs and they are made fresh daily and filled while you wait. The standard filling is vanilla cream and I also had a few with green tea filling.\n\nThey didnt last long when I brought them home and the family caught on.\n\n"Heyyyyyyyyyyyy whats in the box? OMG...grab...grab....grab......hmmm so darn good!"\n\nI highly recommend having a plate underneath you as the filling is runny and you could be wearing it very quickly. I think they are runny as there seems to not be a ton sugar in them and a lot of binding agents to thicken the creme which is a very good thing.\n\nNo credit cards so bring cash if your ordering a dozen.\n\nIf you check out the box the name starts to make a lot of sense.\n\nNext time i drop by it will be Cheese Cake sticks that look tasty!
So happy with his service. Very professional on time and his team works really hard. I would highly recommend him.
Love the food here. It's a bit pricier but definitely worth it. I am lucky enough that they have uni son today(sea urchin). Everything from sea urchin to salmon to the rice are perfectly cooked. I also loved their miso soup and the salad. For desert, we had crème brûlée, it was ok but not as impressive as their don. My friend ordered the chef's choice that contains Japanese fried chicken which is also very tasty. The other friend ordered the kaisen don(assorted sashimi don) which was also amazing. In all, we all loved each of our dishes and we will definitely come back to try out more. You may need to make an reservation if you come on Saturday (they're close on Sundays) since the restaurant is tiny. We are fortunate enough to sit at the bar as all other seats were reserved.
Meilleure succursale Allo Mon Coco. Portions généreuses, service rapide et courtois, très groupes-friendly (c'est grand!).\n\nLa file est souvent très longue, alors armez-vous de patience et apportez vos mandalas. Si vous y allez à plusieurs, assurez-vous d'arriver en même temps: impossible d'attendre quelqu'un à sa table. Le groupe doit être complet pour s'installer. Cela dit, un coup assis, tout se passe très vite! \n\nSeul hic (majeur): les prix qui augmentent à une vitesse exponentielle. Ça, ça brise mon coeur de pauvre. J'y retournerai quand même, parce que c'est si bon!
Those fuckers at the Cosmo have the best buffet in town. Won a bunch of money at the Hard Rock Casino, and treated my family to an all you can eat buffet. The only thing that would have made this better, would have been an all you can drink option. They had everything from Mac and Cheese, mini hot dog weiners, to Hibachi (seafood only), grilled chicken, beef, and omg the gelato. I left the buffet feeling as though I had a food child inside of me. It was pricey ($44.00\/per person) but it was so worth it. \n\nI didn't really have much other experience with this venue, but after a quick walkthrough I can say that it is a nice place with a cool vibe and would definitely consider staying here in the future.
If it were in Pittsburgh, this place would be considered quite good.  That it's in the dining wasteland of the East Suburbs immediately elevates it to "great".  Wood-fired pizza, an authentic pizza marguerita, and an excellent crust. \n\nI think they're still trying to walk the fine line between what some of their customers probably expect ("Put too much stuff on the pizza") and what their crust demands ("keep it a bit dryer so that it doesn't get soggy") but given what I saw and tasted today I have no doubt they'll continue to zero in on it.  4 stars, and will be back regularly.
Yes, Chipotle is one of my favorites, however, as of late there has been food items unavailable, last week they were out of white rice and today they had no lettuce! Like really? Get it together Chipotle! Or I'll have to make Viva Chicken my stable.
I have lived in Las Vegas for 12 years and never knew this even existed! My boyfriend and I moved to Henderson in May, and we love the outdoors and are constantly looking for new places to hike and get away from the city. With that being said, my boyfriend stumbled upon this place researching our area and just our luck, it was 10 minutes away from our place! This place is HUGE, so I suggest you bring your running or walking shoes. They have amazing bike trails, and little hidden pathways that you can explore as well. I'm very excited to bring my son here once the weather breaks.
We made a reservation for 4 people a day before, and got there 15 minutes before the reservation time (Dec. 4, 9pm) and what a surprise ! the lady told us that they were behind and we needed to wait for another 30 minutes. After spending useless time in the casino, we approached  the front desk again and finally in 10 minutes they walked us to outside table without even asking if we are comfortable with outside sitting (by the way it was 40 degree F. I asked the lady at front if we could get  complimentary glass of wine as a compensation for waiting 40 minutes with reservation, she told me with an attitude, - " You can get a soft drink". Nobody ever apologized to offered anything complimentary. The food arrived around 10:40 pm; We ordered 1 bottle of water, they brought 2 ($9\/each), which remained on the table without touching. Oh, before I forget; the meat was not seasoned well, not matching with a high price; so this was a big disappointment from the beginning to the end. The only positive thing I could say about this place is the set up of the tables, the restrooms and the location. Other than that, please don't spend $100 for each person for the restaurant that is lack of simple customer service.
Great flavors, best consistency, kept clean, friendly staff! Even though it changed names\/ownership still my favorite yogurt in the valley.
Had the Coconut Berry Slush! SOO YUM!! There's only coconut milk inside, so non-dairy :)
Great Hotel ! Friendly great service all around. Clean super comfortable quiet rooms. Can't say enough about the staff ! the best ....
delicious, but not worth the frustration. \n\ni will never ever NOT listen to yelp reviews EVER AGAIN. there was a huge discrepancy between this location and the original one at landsdowne, but since this one was closer, my brunch partner and i decided to try it. \n\nit took us 2 hours between first getting in line and to finally getting our food. i'm usually OK with a brunch wait...it's sometimes a part of the experience. but NOT when this wait to due to an inability to (a) manage staff, (b) hire staff, or (c) train staff...and this location seemed to be suffering from all of the above. the lineup was out the door, and then entire time i peeped through the window to see consistently empty tables. when we finally made it inside the venue, i asked the hostess about an empty table, "is that a real table? we're just two people". to which she responded, "it is but there are just a lot of moving parts right now". so if you read between the lines, it really means that the kitchen couldn't handle the volume. the kitchen is exposed and i saw two food cooks, one dishwasher, and one drinks person. they DEFINITELY could have used more staff. and since this is the second location by the same name, i would expect the owner\/manager to have a leg-up on how to manage a restaurant by now. yes, the restaurant is spacious, but there is NO WAY that they could handle more capacity. \n\nour server was also very frazzled. we asked for the grilled cheese waffle with ham, to which she responded with a confused, "grilled cheese?". and my friend pointed at the menu and said, "yes the grilled cheese"- pointing directly at the menu. we also ordered drinks which didn't come. 15 minutes later, we flagged down the owner and we asked him to follow up. he came back to double-check what variety of tea i asked for. i told him, and he said that they were all out of that variety. so i settled for another. when he finally brought our drinks 20 minutes later, i double-checked with him to make sure that our food order was put in, to which he assured us that it was. 5 minutes later, we got our food. \n\nthe food was VERY delicious. we ordered the starter of grilled cheese waffles with ham, a main of the "sammy benny" which was their take on eggs benny with smoked salmon (on waffle, of course), and a caramel pecan waffle for dessert. \n\nwe probably should have went to the original location, but since location was its chance to reel me in, i won't be coming back. like what i said on my first line. this place is delicious, but just not worth it.
Admittedly, I was neither super excited nor super hungry when this suggestion was brought up by a friend. Sometimes I feel that people go to a place just for the name. As a result, a 'name' can make a place somewhat mediocre while still drawing in the people. The first sign of its popularity was the 90 minute wait.\n\nLuckily for us, we had made arrangements limiting our wait to five minutes. Although I wasn't hungry, I couldn't bring myself to order a salad at a burger joint, especially one that demands such a long wait. Not knowing if or when I might come back, I just went for a burger and figured I'd just eat as much as I could. \n\nI went with the Hell's Kitchen Burger, as I don't mind some heat but it also seemed like their unofficial signature burger. I mean, I could just get an American burger anywhere. One of the ways I judge a burger is whether they can nail the way it's prepared. So many places can't get medium rare to save their lives. Of course, quality of meat and seasoning are the other factors. \n\nThis place nailed it all and what happened next was me devouring the entire burger. It was really good, perhaps worth the wait, and probably worth the name. Ramsey got this one right and people know it! I'm a believer.
The sushi place to go to. Close to the strip. $26.95 for all you can eat sushi. What is not to love? Will definitely be coming back every time I come to Vegas.
If you love M&M's then this would be your idea of heaven!\nFour floors of M&M goodness.\nCloths, toys, Christmas decorations, prints and even chocolates can be obtained in the confectionery wonderland!
Nashville Hot Chicken Waffle is the BEST! Better than the original if you like a little kick. You must order some Chicken Poutine fries too! Must have in Vegas, a must have!
This place used to be on regular rotation before I went vegetarian. I loved the spam dishes, and adored the chicken katsu...I also am still frequently tempted by the kalua pig and cabbage...However, now that I am vegetarian, I've only been back twice. The most recent trip about a week ago, I enjoyed stir fried veggies, rice and the veggie egg rolls. The stir fried veggies (made with butter) and rice were absolutely delicious. My only complaint is that the diversity of veggies in the stir fry is very limited to cabbage, carrots, and maybe some peppers. I love the way AK makes their rice, and had no complaints. The portion size was also massive. As for the egg rolls, they just didn't do it for me. They were cooked okay, but were pretty bland, and the sauce with them didn't really help. \nThe service at AK has always been good, and this was no exception. \nI dined with a co-worker, and a family from the mid-west who we had just met. The family loved their food, and thought it was very flavorful. So, if you are not used to Hawaiian food, this place could change your life. \nI am glad to know I can get full on a plate of veggies and rice, with enough left over to take home for all under $6.50.
When appointments run late and I have to wait, that upsets me. My time is worth as much as your time and it's a workday. Courtesy call would have been nice I could have delayed my arrival
Ah, yeah! Bang, bang- this's the spot! Very entertaining, slightly interactive and it resides where the mobsters trials were held. Cute items in gift shop and affordable! Discounted ticket prices for locals and kids. Had a great time!
I agree with Danica. No customer service in this store - even with a long line on a Saturday, there was one active cashier with a guy who clearly did not want to jump on cash. Only did it reluctantly and didn't even finish the transaction. Employees also need to make sure their chatting\/socializing isn't slowing down service. Save your chats for when the store isn't busy.
This place is really good. Great ingredients. I have a special appreciation for restaurants that aren't vegetarian but do a good job with the veggies. \n \nGreat service. Elegant atmosphere but not too pretentious. \n\nAlso, really near CMU campus. Companies should stop taking people to Lucca when this place is only a two, three blocks further.
Well drinks were weak and the pretzel bites, pizza and chicken fingers were nothing special. However, trivia night was a BLAST and the decor was right up my ally.
I really wanted to like this place, but it's not for me! Everything I had was a little too sweet and buttery. The crackpie soft serve was so rich and sweet I could not finish it.  The crackpie itself was served cold, I didn't know that and it was too buttery, so were the cookies I had.  I actually preferred the crackpie I made myself at home with the pie mix cause it was warm. I tried my friends cereal milk soft serve and it was pretty good and not as sweet.
This is the best Korean food in the Valley. We absolutely love the Korean Hot Tofu soup here! The service is consistently great here even when the restaurant is busy. Kelly always has a smile on her face and makes sure we have excellent service every time!
When traveling through Wisconsin, Madison and this particular shop were on the list because of the Yelp reviews. It's interesting how the reviews for Fromagination would split between rave and 'meh'. I have to go with the latter. \nThe shop is cute as any posh little shop could be, but definitely overpriced when it comes to their cheese selection. In that variety of everything and nothing, I ended up leaving to my next destination, and leaving a few hundred dollars at Brennan's Market.
Nice florist but extremely overpriced. It cost me $103 to have a dozen cream colored roses delivered to Downtown Pittsburgh. I expected the arrangement to be beyond beautiful for that price but it wasn't. In fact, by the second day the roses were already wilting. I feel pretty ripped off.
Exactly as described a bit more upscale than Cheesecake Factory same theme.\n\nI had the chicken and waffles - they were only OK...
Maybe I'm just not a sucker for brand names...but I am so not impressed with this place. There are tons of middle of the aisle carts with vendors trying to entice you to buy things.\nThe only one I may have stopped for is the massage!\nI went into the hat store looking for a few special hats, they had one i was looking for, and it seemed over priced, so i didn't buy it.\nI also stopped in a kitchen supply store, and it was awesome, but this was the only store that was awesome. If you need anything kitchenesque, this is the place!\nOther than that, I left shortly after arriving.
Absolutely amazing!!  I cried through the whole show.  Worth every penny!
Beautifully restored home into a coffee house.  Lots\nof nooks and spaces to read.  It's awesome.  The only critique I have if that they should have larger sizes of coffee available.  Their large is like most mediums. Hopefully they will expand to offer 20 and 24 oz coffee cups. Other than that is was great!
This place seems like a hidden little gem. I enjoy this place much more than Famous Dave's and Lucille's. Prices are great and the servers seem to remember  you and what you like. The deviled eggs are awesome and can't  go wrong with the 2 meat combo. The chicken is moist with a pink tint from the smoke. Overall a great BBQ joint.
Stumbled upon this gem while walking in Old Montreal! The service was supreme - owner and staff were kind, patient, and gave us great recs on what to order. I HIGHLY recommend the artichoke sandwich, blueberry tea, and Nutella shortbread cookie!
First download NoWait app.  We drove around the parking lot for 15 minutes looking for parking.  There were 11 people ahead of us. \n\nIt is a beautiful setting.  Nice evening.  Got to watch the paddle boarders and kayak people on the lake.\n\nWe sat outside.  Light breeze no mosquitoes (surprisingly). \n\nGenerous and frequent refills.  We both ordered the fish sandwich.  It was ok.  The coleslaw was ok.  The chips were good.  \n\nThe majority of the menu is sandwiches.  It was nice to see local vendors (Cop Out periogies) used.\n\nThe venue is the selling point.  It is a nice place to enjoy the view ... and maybe catch a glimpse of Henry the Heron.
Pretty cool place. I walked right in with no appointment and was able to get a pedicure within a few minutes. The place is nice, pretty big, clean and the staff is friendly. Probably will go back again. Thanks ladies!
This was probably the worst show I've seen in Vegas, and I've seen a lot of them. He asked to have everyone fill out cards with personal info on it, that he would use in his act. Everyone did fill them out, and he forgot to collect them. Yet the show somehow went on, using two people planted in the audience. Those who caught on to this blunder, began to quietly discuss what just happened. The staff quickly threatened to throw everyone out if they didn't shut up. Aside from this, the Mentalist mostly talked about himself. He even alluded to the fact that the hit TV series was inspired by him, when in fact he had a one hour TV special back in the 80's called the Mentalist. Even if the show is free, don't waste your time.
Do not recommend this place at all!  After going to E.D. Marshall's Jewelers to sell my 21 karat bracelet, an emerald ring I had received from Molinas that was 6 karat total weight set in platinum and a ladies presidential Rolex that was 6 years old, I was offered a lousy $7700 !  I want to a very large shop in Phoenix who did a loan for $14,500.  That was my first experience at E.D NARSHALL JEWELRS. and will be MY LAST. DO NOT RECOOMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL!
Please read!!! This was hands down the worst hotel experience I have ever had! The check in lines were outrageous. Our room was paid for by the organization we were attending a conference for but the resort fee was tacked on at the end causing us to pay out of pocket. Which is not the worst thing in the world except for the room was horrible. It wreaked of cigarette smoke and it made me very worried about the cleanliness of the room so I slept on top of the comforter. It gets worse... there was a cockroach running around the ice machine and for the grand finally literal poop water came up from the sink!!! Causing the entire room to smell like sewer\/ fish tank! Bottom line that is disturbing!!! When I called the front desk they sent someone to fix the problem but did not offer to relocate us or anything! Then it happened again as we were leaving! Overall just a horrible experience! Ruined Vegas for me, I will definitely need time to recover before returning haha...
I have decided to purchase a membership because of the caring staff and their ability to take care of their customers. I have had 4 massages from 3 different people and Jessica had been my favorite. She has taken the time to work on the areas I ask her to and I really appreciate it. Their staff makes me comfortable every time.
Got the OG pearl milk tea with boba. Loved it! But it's a little expensive compared to CA prices.
We decided to go here since there wasn't much to choose from (wendy's is across from here but wasnt in the mood for it). The food  was not anything exciting. I got the shrimp tacos. I didn't care for the tortillas nor the rice. The shrimp was alright, they just grilled it no seasoning at all. And the guacamole looked very unappealing. Overall I was disappointed in the quality of the food, but the service was pretty decent.
I will preface this review to say it was Christmas day and Carl's Jr was the only thing open. I had no other options and I had never been to this particular fast food chain.\n\nThe location is quite clean. That is why it got 2 stars.\n\nThe food is atrocious; the people are ambivalent and the fries are greasy. I will save you all from my usual banter and witty remarks. \n\nDont go here unless you invest in pepto bismal!
This studio has developed a reputation for being overly hot, and I have to say that it deserves it. I have done Bikram yoga off and on for 25 years. I was at the very first studio in Las Vegas, and all the ones that followed. I started practicing in Michigan and have also practiced in Chicago, Pasadena, and Studio City. This is the hottest studio I've ever experienced, and I've been there many times. I now practice at Westside where the temperature is more in line with the published recommended temp for Bikram Yoga which is around 105 degrees. But the Decatur\/Wagon Trail studio is very very often way over that. Sometimes you walk in the room and you are literally almost knocked out by a wave of extreme heat. \n I have found that my practice does not progress as fast in the severely extreme heat, and it's difficult for me to avoid dehydration. At this studio I lose about 3 lbs of water weight every class. That is ridiculous and just not necessary. However at Westside I only lose about 1 lb. and my form and stamina improve much more rapidly. \nThe owner and instructors on Decatur\/Wagon Trail just don't seem to care that they go way over 105 all the time. It is actually a form of false advertising. I think there is a cadre of people who like the temp at around 115 or even higher, and they cater to those people. Frankly, there seem to be more extreme types at this studio, like more eating disorder types.\nBecause I have found that I progress so much faster in just regular very hot, rather than burning hell-hole hot, I have stopped going to this studio, even while having some prepaid classes left. They can have my money.... it's just not worth it.  \nBy the way, the studio is indeed very clean and the smell is not as bad as other Bikram studios. But for the record, Westside is also very clean and does not smell that bad either.
This firm is locally owned and very responsive.   We have used several window cleaners over the years and this firm is the best, by far.  Two young guys that work hard and do wonderful work.  Give them a try and you won't be disappointed.
Bad Daddy's is one of our favorite locations for lunch or dinner.  We've been several times since they opened in Ballantyne and we've never been disappointed.  The service is always great, attentive and very informative.  They have awesome daily special burgers and drinks.\n\nOn a Friday or Saturday the place is usually pretty packed, and tonight was no different, but our server, Ashley, was FANTASTIC!  She was so attentive and helpful and made suggestions that were genuine and didn't feel "sales-y".  \n\nI usually do the build your own salad, but tonight I went with the Cantina burger (veggie) and it was awesome.  Hubs always gets the Western burger (buffalo) and he swears buy it.  Juicy, meaty and totally delicious.   My favorite appetizer is the fried pickles, but tonight we tried the homemade chips and pimento cheese and it was also awesome.  \n\nAs we were paying the bill our server (Ashley) asked if we'd ever been in for breakfast and we said we hadn't.  She offered us a to-go menu and told us we should certainly check it out.  (And I'm sure we will)!\n\nI highly recommend Bad Daddy's for a work lunch, a lunch w\/friends or a night out with the family.  Great atmosphere, excellent food and fantastic service.  Proud to call this franchise local and excited to see where it goes!
königsbau passagen - tolle sache. viele läden. wunderbare innenansichten. trotz aller kritik im vorfeld ein recht gelungener bau. mein größter kritikpunkt ist die tiefgarage bzw. die kosten. wer in stuttgart mit dem auto einkaufen will ist ein armer tropf. spätestens wenn er dort geparkt hat. 13,20 für 6 stunden stellzeit ist nicht mehr angemessen. auch hier gilt: die rendite muss stimmen. sehr schade.
So I wouldn't normally drive all the way to Cave Creek for anything but we had the week off, I had to go to Desert Ridge, and I saw this place in the Phoenix Magazine.  Needless to say, save the gas.\n\nThe place is cute on the inside and really had a lot of promise.  The sides all sounded good and I couldn't decide between the pulled pork or the brisket so I got both.  Added a side of potato salad and a side of beans.  \n\nWhere to begin?\n\nThe pork wasn't bad but it wasn't bbq.  I mean, it didn't taste smokey or sweet.  It tasted boiled...and that's nasty.  It was fatty and generally just lacking flavor.  The bbq sauce they put on the thing was decent but they didn't have any of it out for me to get more.  What they did have were "regular" and "spicy" bbq sauces.  Both were thin, both were a bit spicy, and neither was up to the task of fixing this pork.\n\nThe brisket was really a disaster.  It was cut like ham slices.  Really thick with a big hunk of fat around the outside that I had to remove from each slice.  This whittled my beef down to medallion sized bits.  The taste was fine but the thick texture, lack of bbq sauce, and fatty presentation was all disappointing.\n\nThe beans were okay but I expected sweeter.  BBQ baked beans, in my mind, should be sweet and savory.  These, like everything else here, were just bland and dull.  I tried mixing some of the runny bbq sauce available but it really didn't help.\n\nThe saving grace was the potato salad.  This was some of the best stuff I've ever had.  I would totally buy a pound of that to bring to a dinner party.  They should package it and sell it in the stores.  Really it was creamy and sweet without overpowering the potato flavor.  Good stuff and well executed.\n\nWill not be going back here.  Too bad too because it had a lot of promise.  Oh well.  There is no shortage of bbq in the valley.
Holy crap...their drinks are crazy strong.  I fancy myself to be a bit of a drinker...two drinks from here and I was wasted.  Seriously.  The location will throw you a bit (across from a gas station) but as soon as you walk in you will know it was worth the trip.  The decor is classic, cheesy tiki and definitely makes you feel like you have left Vegas.  A must visit bar...
I was so excited to learn that my favorite Missouri hotspot my friends and I always hung out at was coming to Las Vegas, especially around Christmas.  My own personal present.  I was promptly disspointed once then twice again.  The first time I went I had the mushroom burger and a chocolate shake.  I must say that the shake was awesome, just like I remember, the burger was absolutely awful.  The amount of grease is still a remembrance, but I was thinking, first week I will come back after Christmas to let them get settled in, again I was very dissapointed, the burger were very greasy, and underseasoned again.  I understand the burgers are generally that way, but its supposed to be in a good way, these were definitely not.  I got the patty melt this time, my fave, and it was just awful, no tasty steakburger patty, or yummy cheese.  But the shake was just as good though, mint chocolate chip, although we got it way after I was done with my burger which was a bummer.  The service here pretty much sucks too, both times I went they forgot my water to go with my shakes, and I asked for it twice the second time I went.  Water is supposed to be pretty much standard when you just have a shake, but whatever.  I tried it twice and I think that we will just go back for the ice cream, if we want to wait in line. Ugh!  Maybe the owners need to go back to the midwest and get some little midwest welcoming spirit and not the buffet crap food that las vegas is known for.
Visiting my parents we decided to go here.  Now I live outside of Santa Rosa, California, about an hour and a half north of San Francisco.  I can't find any remotely decent Asian restaurants\/markets around here.  They have everything Filipino\/Asian under the sun that any Island boy or girl could want.  This place is awesome and I will make it a point to drop by here every time I visit my parents.
Very cost effective, lighting fast service but never once felt rushed. There was a wide variety for the selection of food and everything that came to our table was cooked perfectly. The Egg and I manages to feel like a neighborhood diner and your family's house all at the same time. No better place in town for breakfast for both taste and value.
Was looking for a nice restaurant to eat at that was near to Vdara, good but not super pricey. This place fit the bill nicely. We had a 9:30pm reservation and was seated on time. The place was about 50% full. The service at the start was incredible but tapered off towards the end of the evening when they swapped out waiters on us. Wait staff however all very knowledgeable about the wine and the food. I started with Octopus which was delicious followed by the lobster pici. The pici was very nice indeed, tasty and pretty rich. The pasta itself was very dense and cooked al dente which took a little more effort to eat than perhaps it should have. It was a good size portion. I had a cheesecake for desert but at that point was too full to really appreciate it's intricate flavors. My wife started with the lobster salad which was also excellent followed by the Branzino, again delicious. Modern décor with a chilled yet sophisticated ambience. I wore a jacket but pretty sure you could dine here in a t-shirt if you wanted to. We dropped just over $300 for the evening including a modestly priced bottle of white wine. If this wasn't Vegas I would say it was not worth that kind of outlay. Seemed a little overpriced. But who knows.
Last of the great salad bars.  All you can eat buffet of salad, soup, potatoes, pizza, pasta and soft serve ice cream. Dig a bit and find a coupon. It's not hard. Cost is about $10 each, not including drink, but water is free. \n\nGood selection of items, all fresh and hot or cold as needed to be. The Staff was great with offering to get our table beverage refills, booster seats and salt and pepper.  The manager jumped up and ran over when the two year old flipped her chair. It was nice to see he was watching his dining room and was concerned. \n\nGreat for lunch or dinner. Leave a tip for the wait staff. You can access this location by taking the Dunlap northbound frontage road for I17.
Thank goodness someone told the truth about Fillaseat. All they have posted on the site for Las Vegas is comedy shows.  I don't think they are even trying to get good shows, sporting events, and or concerts to attend.  I'm kind of irritated and feel like I wasted my money. What a disappointment.\n\nHeard other competitors is the better deal if you are shopping around.  Unless you like tons of local comedians, Fillaseat may not be for you.
Hello hand-pulled noodles!!! Definitely one of the best ones I've ever had. Think of em as "Al dente" noodles. Firm, Chewy and cooked just right. Tried the spicy beef noodle soup. Delicious broth, crispy veggies, tender beef & awesome noodles. It can't get any better. Also tried the green onion pancake. Its tasty, but they sprinkle soy sauce over it makin it extra salty (at least for me). Order the pancake without the soy sauce.The braised beef (appetizer) is yummy too. Cash only establishment. \n\nFood : Fa Kin Su Pa\nService :Friendly \/ Slow\nAmbiance : Casual \/ Clean\nWorth the price : Yes
I can't say enough good things about this place! The service was amazing and everyone was so friendly, they donate to good causes with every sandwich purchased, and the food was amazing and very well priced! I will definitely be back and will recommend it to anyone craving a sandwich.
When my bike wheel broke a few months ago these lovely people with their amazing bike knowledge came to my rescue.\n\n\n The staff have a lot of knowlege for the bikes they sell and the place is reasonably priced too.
Nice atmosphere and good food. Not the cheapest meal in town but well worth it for what you get. Worth checking out!
Hi CJ: Can you call me at my office: 844-411-9411 ext 551.\nHi Cj-I would like to set you up in front of customers who are searching for real estate agents on Google in the Cleveland Area. \n\nOur program is not Google Adwords or SEO or Pay Per Click.\nmailto:mgabriel@411.info
Hands down my favorite park!! I love all the tall trees, the green grass and the water area for kids to play! This park is HUGE!! Recommend it for workouts and family parties. This park has it all!!! Skateboarding area, basketball courts, volleyball, tennis, baseball, dog park, garden, multiple kids playgrounds I mean it has it ALL!!!
Possibly the worst airport food ever.. Grabbed a quick breakfast while waiting to board our flight .. I had the sausage biscuit and it was beyond dry.. There wasn't enough ketchup on hand to give this thing they call food any flavor , and for what they charge vs a regular Popeyes its disturbing . What a waste of money, as for the customer service, the cashier was just plain rude with absolutely ZERO customer service skills, I walked up to her said "good morning " and she totally blew me off and just said , "what do you want to order?" No response as to my greeting, the gal that handed the food to us was a lot friendlier and even said " have a great day" if one is so miserable about the their job, then quit and go somewhere else.. Preferably where you don't deal with the public. Granted airport food courts aren't the best but for what they charge, they should try to improve the quality of food they serve and have better customer service !! IMO..
Not the type of guy that typically gets this type of service but I had been having dry skin issues and my girlfriend highly recommended Melissa at Skintuition.\n\nOverall great experience, Melissa explained everything beforehand and ensured that I was comfortable in every way.  The facilities are quite nice and very welcoming.\n\nThe experience was relaxing, and quite effective.  If nothing else, an important takeaway is that I need to take better care of my skin - from sunscreen to hydration.  Melissa offered some great tips and offers a nice selection of products (and the great thing, no pressure to buy them).\n\nThis may not be a regular thing for me, but I definitely trust that Melissa knows her stuff, and would definitely use her services again.
Really nice little sit down...good beer selection before your flight, nice selection of mixed drinks (you'll pay though as it's an airport venue) and the salad I had was to die for!! Staff is friendly and cool :-)
I love janky little family-owned spots like this.  The chocolate caramel prezel whatever will make you slap somebody.  The prices and portions are great.  I only wish they had more\/better space for sitting down to enjoy the ice cream.  Their seating area gets pretty crowded.
It's open!  Not sure why helpers list it as closed. I ate here on 5\/29\/17. \n\nSonic is one of those places I love to go.  Probably because they don't exist where I live. I just love the novelty of the drive up. \n\nThis one gets extra stars due to the young man who came by with a condiment cart. And offered extra packets of ketchup.
I've been coming to the Tempe location for years but today was likely my Last trip. \n\nMy one year old has a very severe sesame seed\/hummus allergy. I let the guy at the drive thru know so that they could make sure there was no cross contamination. He totally blew it off "uhh okay see you at the window". I didn't feel like he heard me so when I got to the window I asked the gal if he noted the sesame allergy - as there have been mistakes at other restaurants before and she has had severe allergy attacks. The girl looked at me and said "I don't know, your food will be ready shortly" and closed the window.\nTHEY LITERALLY DID NOT CARE AT ALL. My food was fine but they totally blew me off which made me uneasy- it's not fun for me to have to be extra cautious but my child could literally die from cross contamination. It seems like they are in educated about the severity of food allergies.\n\nOh and I ordered her the oatmeal but it was just a cup filled with milk and quinoa. They forgot the oats and it was totally inedible so I had to throw it away. It was like quinoa soup. I'm really irritated. See attached picture
Good job on a boot repair. Fast and did not hesitate. Many repair shops would not repair this because its not a guaranteed fix. Good work! they are fixed
I have just received the second incorrect order for the high school soccer team. We placed the original order over 6 months ago, making it very clear that we wanted GIRLS gear for our GIRLS team. I was assured that they would send girls shorts, despite the fact that they had sent me a mock-up image on boys shorts. When receiving our first incorrect order, (they sent BOYS shorts and 2 sets of shirts that were so short they could not be tucked in-unacceptable for soccer), it took months to get the order redone. When I opened the box today they had again send us THE WRONG shorts and only one set of shirts is able to be tucked in. As a girls soccer coach and previous athlete I am wondering if they work with girls teams? Is it negligence or lack of pride in their job? It has put us in a terrible position as we are an inner-city low income public high school and our season has already started. We spent $2400 on this gear, and have received one team set of jerseys that are what we ordered. Our girls are not properly outfitted, and now Universal is again - unreachable. I will be requesting that our district stops using them as an approved vendor. I am offended and disappointed by the way they have treated the situation.
Food:  Typical for a bar menu.  No reason to order a salad here.  Wings are above average.  Fries are diet-busting delicious (cheese and bacon, please).\n\nBeer selection:  Excellent.  If you're in the area for the long haul, sign up for the Beer Tour and get your name in lights (or more likely on a white board).\n\nBathrooms:  One of two towel rolls never works.  It's magic.\n\nAmbience:  Restaurant is consistently busy any night of the week (probably due to the lack of other things to do in Akron and the several nearby hotels).\n\nMy recommendations:  Come with a group.  Sit at the bar.  Try the free popcorn and the Breckenridge Vanilla Porter.\n\nSide note:  Will find Steelers fans here on gamedays
I had a terrible experience at this place. The girl that worked in the front was very nice, but not helpful. My dad brought my iPhone 6s Plus in to have them change out a cracked screen. I got my phone back and the key pad was lagging. So I brought it in again, and the girl told me it would be 35 minutes to fix. So I left and cam back an hour later for her to tell me "oh sorry we don't have your screen you'll have to come ack tomorrow". Then the next day same thing, was told 30 minutes come back an hour and a half later and the touch screen didn't work what so ever. They went through 3 screens because all their screens were bad. Then when I went home the keyboard once again was acting up. So I brought it to the owner to fix, and he changed the screen. I go to work and the camera no longer works nor the speaker to hear people on a phone call. So I call and he says "you should have checked before you left", and wanted me to go back. So today I go back, politely I asked the girl in front for a refund so I could get my phone properly fixed because they clearly weren't able to do the job. She told me to call the owner and he told me "sorry we don't do refunds because we don't have your old screen to put back on the phone, and also we check everything but you didn't leave your passcode". I in fact did leave my code, he just kept looking for excuses and wouldn't take the blame. Then he texts me (which I will post) because he wouldn't answer my phone call after he said he'd call back, and told me I'm abusing him? Even he girl that works there was dumb founded by his remark. He also said they had done more then enough for me, which is a confusing statement seeing how they caused all the issues besides the screen cracking. I had the guy fix it and he told me it was because a wire was clipped, and it took 5 hours to fix my phone today. So because the owner was careless in fixing my screen properly I had to go back a total of 5 times. Absolutely TERRIBLE customer service and I would advice to seek help on your phone elsewhere.
We have been long time Babbo customers. Last evening, when in a different part of town we tried this location and left very disappointed. It was not a very busy night yet when we asked for plates when the bread was served, we didn't receive them until 15 minutes later, after we ate our bread. We also waited over 45 minutes for our meal and watched a table of 4 that came in 20 minutes after we did receive their food first. When we asked our waiter he said they got busy with to go orders. No apology and no offer to check on our order. When I finally asked the manager Logan about it he came back with our food. Literally placed it down and turned and walked away. No sorry for the wait, etc. After that no one check in on us. This place needs to bone up on their customer service skills. We are in the neighborhood often and we will not be returning.
I booked two rooms at the hotel to accommodate extra guests. When one guest couldn't make it, I called and cancelled the reservation the day before BUT WAS CHARGED A CANCELLATION FEE. I spent over an hour on the phone with their customer service department, only to receive an automated e-mail saying the cancellation charge could not be reversed even though it was made well in advance of their scheduled time. Complete rip-off.
My wife & I were invited to join a group for a Wednesday 1\/2 price wine Happy Hour. How pleasing to find that this offer is for the entire day & includes all of their wines. What a selection! The crowd is older, well dressed and friendly. Street parking is available as is valet. We did not dine. Bar seating is grab if you can and the 1\/2 deal is for the bar only so be prepared to stand & mingle if you can't score one of the 12\/14 very comfortable stools. Light snacks are available for purchase.
Ghost bar was smaller than i would of liked the place gets packed pretty quick beautiful view as one would expect since its in the palms.drinks weren't the best and expensive which makes it bad.I did enjoy the music sounds very NYish mostly pop hits like JT and others and the fact that they have seating is bullshit the only people who sit are those 50+ people who have money to spend on $1000 bottles min of 4 people per table.decor is nice and modern but the other places in the palms have more to offer. can i get my money back ... oh wait i have 4 other places i could party at oh well on to the next room lol peace out !!
We had never even heard of The Orleans Hotel, but we stayed recently to see Peabo Bryson perform in the Showroom there. We were pleasantly surprised with this hotel! It's got that New Orleans feel and decor to it.\n\nOur room was a little dated, but sizable and well-planned out, even had a small window which opened over the tub\/shower area so no steamy bathroom! Most importantly, it was quiet! There was ample free, close parking available. There is a bowling alley and a movie theater. The slots actually paid off, well, sometimes and there were actually seats open at the $5 blackjack tables. The buffet was reasonably priced and the pastries and desserts were the best I have had on the strip anywhere, including the gelato! The pool area is large and tropical and very relaxing. They have a nice gym and spa area as well, though we did not get to use those on this visit. We enjoyed our stay here and we came back a few days later on another trip to gamble, play and eat here with friends. We will be back!\n\nPS The Buffet area is going to be under construction now for about four months :( But, I'm sure it will be worth the return. Hoping they don't increase the prices.
Went to Sunday Night Live for the first time the night before Vicotria Day. \n\nArrived late, and had to stand in the back trying to peak over the heads of long-torsoed women in tall bar chairs, but having a pint in hand--a decently priced $6 Sleeman, if I remember correctly--put me at ease. The show was very funny, the cast was energetic, the bartender was friendly, the crowd was positive, and there were good tunes on after the show to encourage toe-tapping shoulder-shifting mingling. It was a solid 4-Star experience-- what more could I ask for?\n\nThat's when someone announced to the packed bar to head out for fireworks, and the bartender offered to watch everyone's drink. SERIOUSLY? Everyone crowded outside onto the tiny side street with a sense of occasion and cameraderie, and a MASSIVELY IMPRESSIVE (and probably illegal--but even the popo let these things slide on holidays) fireworks display erupted just feet from our noses. Hands were clapped, whoops were hollered, and a wicked time was had by all. \n\nOh ya, and they handed out coupons to come back for another Sunday Night Live show FO FREE. See ya there?
A friend told me about this place months ago. I just didn't have the opportunity to come here until now. I pulled into the parking lot and was surprised how nice the place was (because of the area I figured it may be somewhat ghetto lol) nice, older, well kept building. Service so far was nice and friendly. Smells good  :)\nI always have a hard time ordering at a Mexican restaurant, since I'm Mexican I've had it all and I usually end up eating the same thing lol. Well I decided to stray from that this time. That didn't make it an easy decision tho. I saw the same things I saw at every other Mexican place. I decided to look at the appetizers. I ordered Mexican Pizza, because it came with their house made chorizo on it. I wasn't sure if it would be enough to fill me up so I ordered the beef tostada.\nWell the Mexican Pizza was good sized and delicious. But I wanted to at least try the tostada while it was fresh. Both were really good. The pizza was awesome! \nI'll definitely be back.
I give the beer engine five stars this time, because I didn't have to wait as long this time, and I had something to compare it to. I still love the crazy huge beer selection, which alone gets five stars. The burgers and fish, awesome as usual. I loved our corner table, where we had plenty of room to relax. Towards 8:30\/9ish on a Saturday, the crowd gets a little rowdy...Glasses dropping, women in fishnets, drunken idiots, you know. Entertainment wise, pretty exciting.
Ever wanted to run away and join the circus? Here's your chance (Well, not really but close enough)!\n\nToronto School of Circus Arts offers classes for your inner circus performer:\n- Trampoline\n- Flying Trapeze\n- Aerial Arts\n- Acrobatics\n- Bungee Acrobatics\n- Chinese Poles\n\nThe instructors are really nice and knowledgeable. The facility is a huge  warehouse with different areas for different tricks. I tried the flying trapeze and the trampoline. It really was a lot of fun and my muscles got a workout.\n\nTSCA are quite flexible (pun intended). They offer classes, drop-ins and also parties. If you're looking to mix it up with your fitness routine, give TSCA a try.
I stopped by for the first time this past weekend, and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  There was a great variety of teas (mainly blends) as well as a lot of tea accessories such as cute pots, cups, strainers and tins.  I do feel the pouchong oolong I bought was rather pricy; the staff advised the price was high since each serving of oolong was good for 6 steepings, but I barely squeezed 3 out of it.  For high quality oolong, I've seen better prices elsewhere so I'll probably stick to their tea blends moving forward.  Otherwise, I felt most of their pricing was very reasonable.\n\nThe level of customer service was exemplary.  The lady who helped me was more than happy to take the vague direction of flavor I was looking for and make suggestions on what to try.  I threw her a request for "dessert" flavors and one of the recommendations she gave - Lemon Soufflé - was one I didn't expect to like but turned out to be my favorite of the purchases that day.  Refills will definitely be needed.  :)  They also have a free rewards program you can sign up for and with certain purchase amounts, you're offered your choice of free samples or other rewards.  I'll be sure to visit again.
Normally only get my Blizzard fix through the drivethru but have went in on occasion.. The employees are pretty nice and quick. Only had one bad Blizzard here as I think some of the pieces had some ice or something on them as I had some crunchiness in my ice cream, which wasn't good.. but normally always good.
Favorite local spot, hands down. The food is excellent. Service is great. Bands are awesome. Come in to eat, and stay for hours for the entertainment.
Decent beers on tap, great service, and mediocre everything else. Both burgers we tried had improper proportions of cheese to meat, very little toppings of interest, and there was nothing special about the meat-- you could barely taste it. It has to be a darn good burger to charge $12 with no sides, and that, it wasn't.\n\nThe website and online menu leads you to believe it's a much hipper, younger place but the atmosphere was lacking. It felt like a stuffy, dark place that older people would feel comfortable in, and it was mostly older people eating there.\n\nThere were two servers for the entire restaurant, one of which was also the host and bartender. They were super friendly, composed, and helpful. The water was room temperature which is a little untraditional for American dining. The music was awful... drab and slow.\n\nNothing we tried we would order again, and we're definitely not going back. Bummer!
This place is an obvious puppy-mill supporting store. There were several puppies there and I felt so bad for them because they went crazy as soon as we walked in the door which made it seem as though they were attention deprived. I understand a certain amount of noise should be expected at any place where pets are sold, but this was excessive. There were three employees present but they weren't very helpful. They did have a large selection of cutesy pet beds and collars\/leashes, treats, and pet clothes, but the noise level was so overwhelming I  didn't want to linger. This store would be ideal for anyone who wants to purchase a designer dog on a whim, and carry them around as an accessory with cute little pink or baby blue toys without any concern for the kind of pet sales they're supporting.
Located in the concourse level of the Hudson Bay Center, this LCBO location is the closest location to the Bloor Street East business district and the northern part of St. James Town.  Same selection as other LCBO locations, however this location is smaller than others I have been to. Service is good, even over the phone as I have called to get recommendations from their staff for wine and champagne. The ability to earn Air Miles for purchases over $30 is a plus.
Just like another reviewer, we have also been waiting for this place to open and it finally did! We ordered a few bulgogi meats, the marinated shrimp and the seasonal vegetables. The Angus prime brisket was the best we tried. However, the seasonal vegetables were not a good choice. It only contained half an onion, some mushrooms and some slices of zucchini. \n\nEverything else was great though. There were lots of side dishes as well. The price is fairly reasonable and the service was quite friendly so we will definitely come back!
Very limited seating. Parking can be troublesome as it's on a narrow busy street. I've heard great things about their Chicken on the Rocks and I was certainly not disappointed when I tried it myself. My first order was without any hot sauce and it was delicious. \n\nCame by a second time and tried it again with their highest hotness level which included hot sauce and powder. I can usually hold my spice but man one spoonful made my mouth burn. It took me a few days to finish it since the hotness made me lose my appetite after a few bites. I wouldn't recommend anyone eat it with the highest level of spiciness. You really can't taste any chicken, garlic sauce, or rice at this level as you're basically eating spoonfuls of hot pepper.
Joes actually surprised me. I've been there once probably 10 years ago, since I live in the far east valley, I don't make the journey very much. Stopped into support my friends band, arrived early and sat at the bar.\n\nJoe....super friendly, personalble and very chatty as I waited for my friends band to start. Bartender gets an A++ Great personal service and I watched her deal with a couple of disgruntled customers about free refills on soda and see handled those boys like a champ. You better keep that one Joe!\n\nSet up is your typical live music venue, sound was GREAT, nice big stage. Cool place, I only wished i lived a bit closer.
This place has a vintage-70s-retro feel to it on the inside. It is not run down by any means. It is in tip top shape and proud of it. I visited in April 2009 during my first trip to Vegas. This was a nice place with a similar feel to the large neighborhood bar & grill chains, but more unique.\n \nThe menu was huge... like a bible. I think this would be a safe place for most folks... there should be something on the menu to please anyone. It just so happens I wasn't particularly pleased with my meal, but only because I took a risk on a entree I wasn't sure about. If I'm in town again, I'll definitely go back to try something else. The menu consist of 24-hr breakfast, burgers, steaks, chicken, etc.
This is the best Mexican food I've had in a panaderia\/carniceria\/taqueria combination space with cartoon murals painted in arguably poor taste.  Ever.\n\nI reckon it is pretty authentic*, not that I'm an authority.  It made me want to take a vacation to a dusty mid-sized colonial Mexican town several hours from anything of note.  And not that I'm ungrateful or anything, but I'd love a vacation of any kind.  Maybe that's it.  30 hours in Phoenix is nice and all, but I could really use an excuse to renew my passport.  Oh, anyway...\n\nThe food was incredibly tasty - crispy in all the right ways, and was spicy enough to make me cry (tears of joy!!).  I went with a few friends and sampled the chilaquiles, tomal de queso con rajas, fish taco, tostada de nopales, a caramel filled churro (you read that right), the most amazing apple fritter I've ever had that I'm pretty sure la virgen is responsible for, and that ridiculous hot chocolate** with masa in it (like there aren't enough simple carbs in Mexican hot chocolate?).  I wasn't digging the nopales, and the fish taco had a touch to much mayo.  Other than that, I'll refer to the aforementioned tears of joy.  And did I mention that the bill for all this came to $21?\n\n*Perhaps it's related that they had such a cool cross-section of people here.  The menu is bilingual and so is the staff.\n**The hot chocolate was just gross, but the drink is an acquired taste and they got the flavor right.
It only got a star for the Cajun Fries.. the burger was dry and tasteless. Would not have eaten the except for reviews of other people on yelp. Very disappointed with my meal, don't waste your time here. Try the CaveMan burger or Rehab Burger Therapy for delicious real hamburger. Seriously don't waste your time at Five Guys.
I went there with my friends for a Summerlicious dinner on July 4, 2009.\n\nThe service was quite good, kept our drinks filled and was very courteous, and it bested my expectations. The food on the other hand was quite pedestrian and sub-par.\n\nI had the Niagara Charcuterie Plate as the appetizer, and the meat was alright, but the small slices of bread that came with the meal were rock hard.\n\nFor the entree, I had the House Made Ravioli with Kobe Beef, and I felt that it was entirely way too little beef compared to the amount of pasta there was. On the other hand, the parts with the beef were quite tasty.\n\nFinally for dessert, I had the Chai Creme Brulee, which was just average once again, nothing special.\n\nOverall, I gave it four stars for the excellent service that was quick and courteous, and two stars for the very "meh" food, for an average of three stars. I guess I shouldn't expect such great food for Summerlicious, but it really wasn't all that great.
Clean and friendly. Doctor dawn Austin is super friendly and very helpful when it comes to your questions!
Great place to find more unusual spices from various parts of the world.  From ajwain seed to juniper berries, their selection can't be beat.  For those that don't want to make their own spice mixes, they also have pre-made spice mixes that are mixed based on type of cuisine and also based on meat used.  For those that want high quality baking ingredients, they also have multiple types of extracts and vanilla from various countries.  The prices here are a little higher than buying in bulk at Sprouts, but the spices here are fresher and seem to be higher in quality.  If you're looking for higher quality spices, or spices you usually won't see at your grocery store spice aisle, come here, otherwise head over to the bulk spice section at Sprouts for your everyday needs.
Rooms are spacey, clean, well kept, comfy and up to date. Comes with flat screen tv, mini fridge and soft towels. I love the side entrance with easy access to the hotel rooms from the uncovered parking ares, so you don't need to walk thru all that noise and smoke. Near many restaurants, fast food and dine in & near free way access. Staff is professional.
Excellent. I enjoyed the "stale" bread and crudite(aka random vegetables), both were beautifully served. Though, I usually don't eat a lot of that sort of preamble that most restaurants serve I thought I would mention them since they are the object of some criticism. \n\nThe food was good. We started with scallops and pate. Between the four of us we had rack of lamb, lamb shank, fillet mignon, and assorted sides. We also had a bottle of wine.  \n\nAll excellent, total bill with tip $340
Good service is vital to the survival of these types of places. I can honestly say that  GOOD SERVICE is what you will get at this location. From the pricing to the promptness of being seen, the care and knowledge of the care provider and true concern for the patients.  \nIf you need to be seen by someone other than your regular care provider or just don't have a regular provider, I don't think you'll be disappointed here.\nGive it a try. IN AND OUT
Kevin is a five star professional.  Maintenance was done in minimum time and he explained all that was applicable.\n\nThank you Kevin!
We'll run staff, cleaner store, employees polite and manager seemed very efficient!!!  Store was ran it seemed like family owned with tons of care and hard work!!!
I stayed at the Hyatt while attending a sci fi convention across the street. Networks was the place we would go when hungry or thirsty in the evening hours. The food was good and we tried several dishes. The sushi and seaweed salad, spicy chicken wrap, blackened fish sandwich and sweet potato fires were all delicious. The drinks we had were expensive but the waitress Valerie told us the ones that gave us the most bang for our buck. She was great! At times the crowds were horrible due to the convention but we always found seating and would get served fairly quickly, so not sure why this was an issue in other reviews.
Do not order delivery. It took 2 hours for them to make 2 dishes and drive 7 minutes to my apartment.
Considering it's easy to find bad Japanese\/Teppanyaki, this place is solid. It didn't blow my mind, but everything I tried was good, and the service was excellent. The miso soup, shrimp and vegetable tempura, beef kushiyaki, sushi, and teppanyaki dinner were all up to par. O yeah, and the green tea ice cream hits the spot : ).
Good quality sandwiches. Tastes better than subway or other sandwich shops. Friendly and fast service.  I have not found a better sub sandwich in Las Vegas.
Very decent craft beer bar with wide selection of beers \n\nMy favourite was the Kentucky Baster Bourbon Barrel Aged Beer ~ feels like an old world red wine  soul in a beer body. A note of black plum  and layers of depth.  \n\nAnd the other one is much lighter and Golden ~ I believe it was Q: Dieu du ciel sth sth ~ love the light sprit but with a sense Chardonnay in it. \n\nJust come here and see for yourself ! \n\nAlso ordered the pomplette ( Italian meat ball) finger licking delicious! Used all the bread and tomato sauce
I've been to SkinnyFats a few times and everything is always so amazing! \n\nI've had the following and hopefully I can post picks of it all:\n\nDrunken monkey pancakes (these are a MUST HAVE);\nSmoke in a bowl (this one okay just very bland);\nChix on Broadway sandwich (was really good);\nSweet Cheese Us' (Amazing!!!) and\nBleu Balsalmic (I'm not a tomato fan whatsoever but this was beyond delicious).
This is the WORST TV repair company around! They came to my house three times over a period of three weeks, The guy just couldn't get my tv repaired even though he claimed to be doing this for over thirty years. They took my TV and have never called me back about it, it's been almost a month since they took my TV. I call them and get tossed around like a hot potato. They always act like they don't know who I am when I call even though I have called god knows how many times.They keep asking me if I want it disposed of and I said "no" I want it back. They are supposed to deliver it and haven't as of yet. I think something majorly fishy is going on here! Don't use these people. Highly unprofessional and seemingly scammers.\n\nUPDATE: I drove all the way there and they didn't know which TV was mine. I had to point it out. The screen was broke and they tried to tell me it was already like that. If there was a ZERO star option I would give that to them.
A couple Novembers ago....\n\nWent with another couple who are strictly meat and French fries eaters ( nothing green, not even green Jell-O).\n\nThe big steer at the front door, well, ok. The big slide down to the next level, well, ok. The view of the city! Now you got something.\n\nMy date and I had the rattlesnake bits. You could make this your main meal.\n\n\n\nThe rest of the food was institutional style with no attempt of any elegance whatsoever. Picture, Golden Corral upscale.\n\nOne and done, no reason to go back.
I really wanted to love this hole in the wall with good beer.  The bartender was really nice, but the immediate smell of urine would not leave me alone.  The place literally stinks. I understand this is a dive bar, but seriously have a little pride.  Whomever owns this place obviously doesn't care.  I gave it a chance and at least finished my first beer.  \n\nNo person serving food or drink should ever blow their nose TWICE into a napkin and serve drinks without washing their hands.  We left after the first beer, which was tasty.  Plus one star. \n\nIf you visited this bar when this was posted and have a cold, thank the bartender.
I had an awesome birthday experience here. The service was great. I had the Yaki Soba which is a very tasteful vegetarian dish. I will definitely be returning. Sadly they got rid of the Shishito peppers... Hence the missing star. Great place though, remodel looks awesome. Ramen is very good, probabky best in downtown but yaki soba is by far my favorite dish.
The brunch was great. I got the bacon steak and eggs meal. This was a whole bunch of flavors that mixed really well together. The bloody marys were great and the staff was awesome definitely go and try this place out.
My "foodie friend" insisted I try this place and has been talking about it for a very long time! We went today. I had to park in the back which is surrounded by an unsavory residential area. So parking was my first concern. The restaurant inside was quaint and nice. For such a highly acclaimed restaurant, I wasn't at all impressed with the service. I was not greeted. Since I was meeting my friend, I decided to just look around myself. I understand that this is not an On The Border or "traditional" Mexican food as soon as I open the menu. Unfortunately, that's the kind of Mexican food that I like! No chips and salsa. Isn't that a staple at any Mexican restaurant? They served bread, which wasn't even good. Very basic bread like what you could purchase at Basha's and some type of chili\/tomatoe spread. I skipped that. We ordered guacamole which was awesome. Too bad the chips they served were so dry and bland. Again, in my opinion the guacamole would have been so much better on the thin salty chips that I am used to! I was starving so I decided to get adventurous and order something that sounded somewhat familiar. I ordered what I thought would be a simple chicken enchilada. It was a mole sauce, which I had never tried before. Not a fan. I had just a couple bites. This "mexican bitter chocolate" sauce had no place on food at all, but I've heard a lot of great things about it, so maybe it's just my personal taste. My friend's pulled pork was delicious, had a couple bites of that. I've obviously realized by now that this is Mexico City type food and not traditional "beans and rice, chips and salsa" type food. The meal was served with a side of very soggy vegetables-again, not typical vegetables that you would even want to eat, so I didn't understand that either.Is this a side? Is it a garnish? Is this creative? What the F I am hungry!! I had a bite of what I think was zuchini. It was almost like they were soaked in oil and steamed. I would have loved to have spotted and better yet tasted anywhere in anything we ordered some cilantro, some green onion, but no such luck! Again, I realize that a lot of people probably love this restaurant. Just putting my review out there to help those who have not been be aware of what kind of experience they might have. I would never go there again.
I came here for lunch with five other friends. I wanted to try the bento box because, I love bento boxes and I've heard some buzz about them. But after eating some of mine, and seeing what my friends were eating, I really regretted it.\n\nEverything was greasy, even the rice. I scooped my rice to the side of the box to strain some of the grease. Yes, it was that bad. I couldn't finish it.\n\nMy friends had the salad bar, a cobb salad, vegan burger and flat bread sandwich (5th friend also had a bento box). The Springs Cafe is all about healthy eating and natural foods so I should have ordered something of that standard.\n\nI want to go back because my dining companion's lunches looked SOOO good, but I definitely will NEVER order another bento box.\n\nThere are waiters, but the service is similar to a buffet restaurant where you pay for what you want first, get your beverage cup and seat yourself. There server who delivered our food and checked on us a couple of times was very nice and professional.
For what it is, it's great. A gourmet style take out marketing with eat in dining area and bistro. I loved the look and feel of the market. It reminded me of Dean and Deluca in NYC. The one in Soho. I ordered a "malke your own salad" at the salad bar and a sushi roll. I was dying to try their sushi so I ordered both and took some to go. the salad bar was great I ordered tons of veggies, some cheese, a hard boiled egg and a piece of grilled chicken it was $8.  I think a fair price for a huge ass salad. The sushi on the other hand was mediocre. I ordered a spicy tuna roll and well I won't be getting sushi there again. The fish was fresh although the rice was not right. I'd say the sashimi would be a better bet. The did carry my favorite water from tuscany Acqua Panna although it seemed a bit pricing at $1.75 for the 16.9 oz bottle. Either way I recommend checking out dish. I think you'll agree it's a diamond in the rough.
Really unique, sophisticated atmosphere. The restaurant serves spicy, Jamaican cuisine and lots of rum. We ordered an appetizer of calamari, but it was not the deep fried version, rather, it was just grilled squid with a fruity\/floral sauce. The appetizer has won a few awards and we know why! Squid usually has a rubber-like texture, but the appetizer we had just melt in our mouths. It was definitely pricey for the amount you get, but worth the experience of fresh squid at its finest. I ordered the pulled pork over polenta. I wasn't a fan of how smokey the pork was, but the meat itself was very tender. There was way too much sauce poured over the polenta which made a weird texture, but would have been great with out it. My husband ordered a tropical fish dish which was excellent. I will definitely try this place again. Wasn't a fan of my dish, but look forward to trying something else on the menu!
All I have to say for justification for my 3-star rating (though I will say more) is that I saw a stained Forever 21 shirt for $11. Ummmmmmm. I could go to Forever 21 and buy a new shirt without mascara stains on it for the same price. Also, their packaged Halloween costumes were literally the same price as new.\n\nI have been to Buffalo Exchange in several states and I always seem to have decent luck on finding things. One time in another state I bought this old, old fur hat made in Italy for $18. A steal! This time I bought a Betsey Johnson dress for $30, which is a heck of a deal considering the aforementioned stained Forever 21 shirt. \n\nBuffalo Exchange in my experience has a lot of actual vintage versus old Made in China H&M crap from two years ago. I have never tried to sell anything--I'd probably have better luck at Trend Traders down the road in getting my money's worth.
I was pretty excite coming here because of all the great reviews but this must of been a bad day for them. It was a sunday afternoon and only another couple in the place and the food took forever! Also the grilled cheese was a mess. You cant mess up grilled cheese!? Not happy right but will give them another chance again in the future.
I am not sure what all the hype is about with this place.  Maybe I just came at an off time. \nCame with my dad for happy hour and sat at the bar. \nBartender was not having the best of days - previous bartender left the place a mess and not ready for the night shift so I get the frustration but he just kept huffing and puffing about it and being snappy with anyone and everyone asking for drinks.  \nRestaurant set up and vibe is a little tacky in my opinion.  Giant girls with dia de muertos faces or giant faces of celebrities just isn't my cup of tea to look at while eating. They do have a nice patio.  \nChips and salsa: I only think they are okay, I do not get the raving reviews.  The chips are thin crispy and salty but the salsa is meh - has some flavor but there isn't even a bit of spice.. its called SALSA not pulsed bland tomatoes. And its only one salsa they don't have a second or back up salsa maybe a spicy option? For a Mexican restaurant I find that weird ... but I love spice and I know some people don't.  So its good plain salsa.\nHappy Hour chicken tacos and fish were tasty. Good flavor, small but good.  If thats the size of the regular tacos for $17 then thats a joke.  Prices seem a little steep for what you are getting.
5stars for sure. I have so much respect for the owners for opening this place! Its awsome. Cute little health &wealth fast food spot. Great vibes in here. I like the chickpea salad & broccoli stirfry. Cant forget to get dessert the macroons are delish. We need places like this everywhere! And in my opinion its not overpriced at all. For 11$ you get a big plate of RAW nutritional delicious FOOD!!
My family needed a new washer dryer. I did a ton of research before deciding on Best Buy. Best Buy offers free delivery, free set up of the new unit+ take away of the old (if you mention that you were just at Lowes- I don't know why, just tell them). I was saving $100+ on that alone compared to Sears and Home Depot. The washer and dryer was on sale (they even have the older models, we opted for the newer) and they price match. The staff were friendly and attentive. They knew their stuff, were patient with my family and got us in and out quick.
What a find!  Thank you Yelp!!  We came here for breakfast a week or so ago for the first time and my oh my.  It was fantastic!  My husband could tell it was good because I actually ate all of my scrambled eggs and I rarely do that.  My husband ordered the chicken fried steak.  They hand bread this here and he said it was phenomenal.  Everything about our breakfast was great from start to finish.  This place is tiny and in a little strip mall next to a dog grooming salon.  We will definitely be back!
So when my party and I arrived here, we noticed how tiny the place was (not a bad thing), just a little advice to those who haven't been here don't bring a party of 6+ because this place is too tiny for that. However, it is a cute little place! We were greeted with smiles by the owner and her daughter (who is the spittin image of her mom) and were thoroughly explained the menu. The owner gave us some pastries on the house to try, a bear claw, which was delicious! I had the breakfast sandwich and my husband had the breakfast burrito. My egg sandwich was really good and the bread was delicious, however my husband was not impressed with his burrito. I even tried a bite and wasn't impressed. Overall this is a cute little family ran place with great pastries and good breakfast but is just a little too much of a drive for us to make a second trip.
Carpet is disgusting- they HAVE to replace it like NOW! so gross- we were in 16101 and it was lower level so you feel like you are in a basement- the 2 bedrooms and 2 baths were great and we needed those being with a whole family- the pool could have been colder but it was never crowded which was great- we asked to exchange towels and got the new ones right away but it took DAYS to pick up the old ones(in fact they never did) even though I called about that 4x- it was cheap and the shuttle was good except it would be nice to come more often and later at night- I mean this IS Vegas- but the drivers were all really nice-front desk staff was polite-first time in a condo in VEGAS and I would do it again but not here unless I HAD to~~~~~~~ parking was great- beds were comfy and the showers were really nice- but the carpet just ruins everything it is so nasty!
The food was great. It was strikingly fresh. As if the were pounding out the tomatoes just before we arrived to make the sauce. The only thing is location they are so far off the beaten path you have to be a, not only local but neighborhood local (or yelper) to know about this place. Now that I think about it that is the only reason I haven't been back. Fixing that soon, soon...
We just found this place and have been here 3 times for lunch in the last week. We think it's a wonderful concept and very fairly priced. Our favorites are the BBQ Ranch as a wrap, the Southwest Cesar and the Cobb, all are five stars in the world of fast food. We also  tried the Asian and the Mixed Greens and Apples, which we enjoyed, but found them a little lighter and less filling.  The lemonade and the kale smoothie are also noteworthy.
I recently moved and needed windows cleaned (inside and out) for the house in somewhat short order.  C3 responded quickly and professionally. They even came out on a Saturday. I am not sure about pricing, but to me they seemed reasonable and the pricing was consistent with or better than other quotes I received. My neighbors complimented the windows after they were finished with words like "sparkling."  All in all. I would definitely use them again, and I highly recommend C3 Window Cleaning.
I actualy like this place. Very lokey. Strip accesible.  Its not the best ooking place on the outside. I guess I have been blessed to have booked newly renovated rooms. Never had any problems with service. The first stay however was tricky. No where did it mention resort fee and I even called to ask about hidden fees or anything extra other than amount emailed on my receipt. I was assured there werent any. Upon arrival I was charged resort fee. Aside from that I dony like that this hotel is all smoke free.
Coming from Northern California, I longed for the type of "Pho" that a few "hybrid" restaurants served up - a combination of pho and a wonderful Chinese broth, the base of which is pork grind. Difficult to find here but Pho Tan Thanh serves it up in grand style. #18 on the menu.  Absolutely superb and I look forward to it every Sunday as a treat prior to buying my Chinese broccoli at LeeLee adjacent to the restaurant. \n\nI find the service to be excellent and friendly and highly recommend, especially if you order the # 18! Enjoy!
We went to the Bon qui qui show. It was great but this review is about the theatre. We parked in a parking garage and only paid $6 for parking. \n\nAs soon as we walked in there were ushers asking everyone if they needed help and guiding just about every person. \n\nWe were VIP and I have to say besides front row seats and meet and greet there was nothing more. No nice seats or drinks. They did have about 6 mobile bar thingies where you could buy liquor. That's cool. \n\nStaff was extremely friendly, organized and professional. \n\nThe stage is a decent size, great lighting and big screen. \n\nDefinitely recommend.
I have been meaning to come here for months now and finally made it in . So glad I did !! They were extremely helpful and so nice . The prices here are worth popping in for sure !! They have a great selection of grain free foods and lots of toys .
Delicious!  Now I understand why they're always so busy.  Great food, friendly service, super cute patio. I had the pancake flight, and it changed my life
This is not a good subway. I was just there. I got a tuna sandwich. It was disgusting. I asked for it to be toasted, they toasted it with the veggies in it. Who does that? I went to the drive through I waited like 15 minutes. I would not recommend this location.
Small cafe inside the Wynn Hotel.  You wait in line, then order and pay when it is your turn.  The staff is friendly and quick with their service.\n\nOne mid-morning, we decided to get some food here.  I ordered the Asian Chicken Salad ($9.95) and it comes with the Asian dressing inside the TO-GO container.  We also got a bagel with cream cheese, a fruit cup, and an OJ.\n\nAfter you order, you wait by the counter for your food, then find an open table to sit and eat!\n\nMy Asian Chicken salad was very good.  It's a good size portion for the money and I really enjoyed the dressing for the salad.\n\nThe OJ and fruit cup were very good as well.  \n\nIf you need something quick in the morning, try the Cafe at the Wynn.  \n\nXie Xie!!
I ordered the spicy pork. The flavor of the sauce was good and the meat was cooked well, but it was also very stringy and fatty. Overall, the food was mediocre. The food prices are too high for the quality offered. However, the portion sizes are quite large, so there should be leftovers for extra meals.\n\nOur service was terrible. The servers would not look in our direction for 20 minutes at a time. They did not once visit during the meal. They brought two dishes out 10 minutes before the others and brought one person's food out 15 minutes after everyone else had their food. We had trouble paying, since they would ignore us and wipe down an adjacent empty table even though we were clearly waving and yelling to them.\n\nThe combination of terrible service, average food, and high prices ensures that I will not return.
This wasn't what I would call a good "hole in the wall" korean shop....menu had very few korean dishes, and an even smaller selection of meats.
Not bad, decent value, looks ghetto but don't let that get to you.
Walked into this place about a year ago to try it out and I've been back just about every week since.  I can't get enough of the beef pho and I'm addicted to their steamed pork dumplings.  I'll also smash a bahn mi sandwich once in a while, another solid menu item.  \n\nNot only is the food excellent here, but the service is always on point.  The family that runs the place is so friendly,  You can tell they work really hard to maintain a clean restaurant and genuinely make everyone feel welcome.  The food always comes out quick and hot, and the quality is consistent.  \n\nIt's in a little strip mall tucked away behind an Arby's.  I think if this place were located in a more visible location, it'd be packed all the time.  Go give this place a chance, you won't be disappointed.
My go to restaurant when I want a healthy, vegan meal with REAL flavor. Everything from the Big WAC to the Mongolian Bowl has been delicious. And since it is all pretty healthy, I can head next door to get a tsoynami afterwards. Totally guilt free, delicious food.
The most friendliest staff I've come across in any kind of doctors office. Not to mention the doctor was awesome as well. The Dr. Blanton is the owner. He was very hands on and explained everything in detail. I'm very happy that I found this office.
I had wanted a nose piercing and tattoo for as long as I could remember. So I did my research. IMO a tattoo and a piercing is not something you get with out looking it, well a tattoo more. I finally decided on Club Tattoo. \n\nI got my nose pierced in September of 2009. The piercer was very professional, put on gloves and a mask over their mouth. All the equipment was sterile and they made sure I put my purse where it would not make the sterile field dirty. Very fast, I did not even feel it being done. They gave me written care instructions, and I bought of can of cleaning solution. All the jewelry for piercing is displayed in a well lit case in the front of the store. When I returned to buy different rings for my nose, they had on gloves as they removed it from the case. \n\nIn December I came back to get my first tattoo. I had consulted with the artist and was given a price and time estimate of how long it would take. When I was able to I came and put a down a small payment and made an appointment. When I came in to get my tattoo, she took me right in. Prepped me and put the outline on me. From the time I got there to when I paid was less than an hour and fifteen minutes. Less than time she told me it would take to actually get the tattoo. My artist was Lindsey, she was very fast but my tattoo looks amazing. \n\nFrom what I get from talking to other people, this shop is more expensive. But I am true believer you get what you pay for. And a tattoo is something I will have on me for the rest of my life, so I would pay any amount to make sure it looks great and is done by artists who know how to do their work well. \nI have gone to other shops, and I knew as soon as I walked I would not return. One shop I walked into smelled of cigarette smoke and they had coffee cups everywhere.  The private rooms when getting a tattoo is a huge plus.  Club Tattoo is always spotless and the staff is very professional.
We came in after church on a Sunday afternoon. Its the same concept as Pieology, make your own pizza to order. Choose the pre-suggested pizzas or make your own selections. My kids were excited to choose their own crazy wishes and when it came to me I choose the same way. I didnt see an option for gluten-free pizza crust but we were distracted cuz of the amount of choices. They have racks on the wall of premade pizza dough, smaller 4-sliced for the kids and larger 4-sliced for adults. I choose my sauce, toppings and the creation went into the large pizza oven. Our friends ordered a pre-suggested pizza and unfortunately, the young man and middle aged lady didnt remember all the toppings that went with that specific pizza. I could hear the guy reading off the list to the lady who was making it. Kinda tacky guys! Also, they asked our name for the pizzas and they heard something completely different. Like if it was supposed to be Jeff she wrote Barb on it. I tried to correct her and she said "oh, thats ok". Right. Then why ask my name? The pizza was quick to cook and had a good flavor. I had alot of toppings fall off my pizza but it really didnt look very loaded. Strange. They have a nice patio and the place feels comfy. I'm not sure I'll come back. I'd be concerned they forgot to refrigerate something properly or wash their hands. Just saying.
Barney Fife would be proud of these guys.  The LPD's sole purpose for existing is to fund the city's coffers.  There's a 400-yard stretch of I-71 that LPD (illegally) patrols vigilantly.  Anybody driving through here can tell when Linndale is approaching based on the brake lights that are seen as soon as you enter the village.  They've been featured on the local and national news multiple times for the overzealous ticketing, their illegal tactics, their hypocrisy, and how far they're willing to go to defend their practices in court.\n\nThey'll ticket you if:\n- You run a yellow light\n- Stop your car two inches in front of a white line at a traffic signal or a stop sign\n- Speeding -  Anything over the speed limit is a certain ticket\n- Do a rolling stop or a rolling right on red\n\nThey're not as corrupt as New Rome was, but they are right up there for the title of "Worst Police Department in the State".\n\nAnd, no, I have not gotten ticketed there.
Best location ever! I love love love the manager Jess. She's super great and always helpful. She always helps me find what I'm looking for and has the best suggestions for gifts. I will drive the half hour out of the way to go to this location!
Just a beautiful park & lake...directly links to several more beautiful parks & lakes. Very serene, yet I feel safe. Wonder walking & bike paths. I'm from Minneapolis, MN & I never thought I'd find anywhere remotely close to the beautiful lakes & parks within the city of Minneapolis where there's a myriad of beautiful walking, running & biking paths...but I did here in AZ- of all places. The grounds are exceptionally clean & well kept up. 5 stars!
Great menu.  The Guiness Pot Roast was the best.  Great atmosphere and service as well.
We have eaten breakfast twice at The Place.  First time, Breakfast Burro [Burrito] was so moist could not hold in hands; however, the waffle was OK. Second time, Eggs Benedict was more like Eggs Hollandaise Soup and the Huevos was terrible.  Both of us had indigestion for the rest of the day.  Usually, we give a new restaurant three strikes,  The Place earned three strikes in two visits.  On a positive note, the wait staff is good, even though we had to wait 10 minutes before having our order taken on second visit.  Had high hopes for The Place since The Breakfast Joynt moved. Good Luck.
It's a shame the reviews are so lousy, but here's my take on it. It's not very organized. It's new enough that this doesn't bother me, and I own a restaurant so there are things I am relaxed about that prior to being in business I'd have been very upset about. \n\nHere's the negative - things take way too long to get to the table (even the bill can take 20 minutes), but I hope a couple months and this will get worked out. Staff is friendly, but either over worked or disorganized. The music is wayyyyyy to loud. It's hard to talk without yelling. I know this seems to be the new thing and it makes a place seem busy even when it's not, but it drives me nuts (this is about only thing that will keep me from eating there every week or two). The other thing I don't like, which has nothing to do with my dining experience, is the form contact response with email address to a bad review. I empower all of my staff to comp, give out samples, whatever they need to to make customers happy. This makes them feel better about their job too, because they no they can make decisions at work without having to talk with a supervisor (just a suggestion). Also, it's smoother because when someone gets upset it gets fixed right then and there. If you don't like how they handled it, you discuss alternatives later, but let them make choice at the time. \n\nPositive - And, why we'll go back. The food was excellent. I could not pick on the sauce for the short ribs being too salty, but otherwise we had a large group with a lot of things to try and everything was very good.
Best Chinese in CU by far. Was recommended by a Chinese friend as the place to go and I was not disappointed by the food. They recently added waitstaff to their payroll which seemed to detract from the experience as the table service was weak and I waited a very long time for my check.
This place hands down is nasty I had to be asked 4 times what did I order and when I finally got it.. it wasn't even wrapped all the way closed and they just threw it in a bag. The chicken it was so nasty, burnt and tasted old. The guy on the front line was rude and all over the place it was way to loud in there and it was more like a playground then a restaurant...
Went to Audi Chandler this morning to test drive an A3. Spent a bit of time on the lot browsing vehicles and no salesperson came out to greet us. Very disappointing, as I have experience as a car salesperson and would have gone out to greet any potential customer. As we were leaving, I saw a salesperson with another customer and told him that we had come to buy but decided to leave instead. Went to a BMW dealership and a salesperson came out within a few minutes and we were test driving a 320i soon after. The only reason we didn't buy from them was because they did not have the color combination we were after.
This is such a great place for great food! I just wish the place was a little bigger!
I am an executive assistant in San Francisco.  I plan events worldwide, and many of them are executive dinners, off-sites (including a lunch\/dinner), and happy hours.\n\nMy grandmother went into hospice a week ago today.  My brother and myself felt it a good idea to bring the cousins and siblings together to bid her a last farewell while she was still lucid.  I called Red last Wednesday for assistance with a dinner for 18 people - to be used as a gathering\/dinner for all of the family members coming together (all from out of town, except for 3).  Lauren Santosuosso was my initial contact and shared with me that despite the fact that Saturday was Sweetest Day, and the restaurant was booked to capacity, she would find a way to fit our group in.  \n\nUnfortunately, my grandmother passed the day after I spoke to Lauren, and the dinner turned into a memorial service\/tribute - as all of the family members were due to arrive on Saturday, and she passed on Thursday.  When planning the menu, Melissa Wright stepped in and continued to work with me to further articulate the details of the dinner, and was pivotal in the planning and orchestration of the final result.\n\nThe gathering was spectacular.  Our servers were kind and attentive.  Melissa was a gem to work with, especially considering the haste with which everything was brought together and the attention to detail at such a potentially somber event.  \n\nThe food was exceptional.  I would consider the ribeye that I had one of the best steaks of my life.  I will forever be grateful for the care and attention provided by Melissa and her staff.  Red made our very special family event a loving success that will be remembered by all of us forever, as we flash back on my grandmother's life.\n\nThank you.
i'm not usually one to patron dos, especially on a crazy day like cinco de mayo, but after relocating to south tempe my options are severely limited on bars i can (or want) to ride my bike to. on a huge DUI enforcement night, bikes were in order and when i found out a brand new dos was opening here i couldn't argue.\n\nit's what you've come to love about this trailer park\/rocky point - inspired chain of bar\/restaurants. i arrived at about 5 on 5\/05 and it the patio was already packed. no cover, and no tables either. big patio and more inside seating at tables than usual. i understand this is supposed to be a more "grown up" dos, more family friendly with a more elaborate menu. it was certainly not family friendly on cinco! ha, i left the craziness at about 7 to watch the fight at a nearby club, and heard from a friend who worked that night that there were more than a few fights - including a girl getting jumped in the bathroom, but that's all heresay and conjecture at this point.\ngood to see grown ups with families still know how to get out of control wasted on holidays and try to kill each other. \n\nbut seriously, i can't complain, i was treated very nice by the staff and managers because i had worked with them in the past, and they're more than cool and down to earth. only downside (aside from the basic bro element associated with all dos') is no designated bike locking area, but after seeing how many bikes were there that night, hopefully they'll get a set up.
For its price and for what it is (a casual Italian restaurant), it's pretty good.\n\nNot too expensive (I don't know what other people think, but I'm from LA and $10-$15 a plate is a pretty good deal) and the pizza is not exceptional but definitely tasty. Also their take on bruschetta is interesting (a good amount of green onions) and I think it works well.\n\nDon't expect a breathtaking experience or anything, but do expect pretty good food.\n\nAlso, eating outside is pleasant.
Twenty five years now I've been shopping at Karsh's. Maybe three owners? Same recipes. New sales help.\n\nWhat's good? Blue ribbon for the Chocolate Chip Coffee Ring. Absolutely to die for. We even use it for our birthday cakes; any excuse to get one of these luscious, just-one-more-thin-slice-until-it's-gone, cake. So rich and chocolaty. Wow.\n\nWhat else? In no particular order - challah, onion-poppy bagels, corn rye, pecan sheets, hamentashen, pocket onion rolls, large almond cookie, small butter cookies.\n\nI have had better black & whites;  since I had rugelah in Jerusalem last year, none will compare. Cakes are good, not great; better than Safeway or Costco, and equal to AJs. I think I have tried just about everything here and go with a purpose.\n\nGo for the chocolate chip coffee ring; but don't take the last one, it's for me!
This hotel is nice.  It is a little out dated but it is clean and kept up well.  I looooved the location.  I stayed two nights in two different rooms with two different views.  One side has a view of the paris, m&m factory, MGM and Excalibur.   The other side looks out at the pool, Aria, and city center (I liked that side better).  There is a tram that runs from Monte Carlo to Aria, City Center and the Cosmo.  I liked that.  The pool looked amazing, although it was closed because of the weather.  The room was pretty nice.  The tv's were old but the beds were amazingly comfortable!  The bathroom was ok the second night our bathroom sink was clogged.  But everything was really clean.  I would absolutely stay here again!
Ask for Hazel as your waitress!! She is take care of you. She's the best. Get the BBQ nachos!
The woman was condescending and told me that if I was looking for a stroller with a car seat attachment (rather than her 1400 stroller + bassinet) option that it was low end.  For a woman who will be a first time mom looking for legitimate advice - I felt as though I had a terrible experience, didn't like her energy or her tone - I quickly got my husband and we left.  It's almost as though she was trying to make me feel stupid so I would buy what she wanted me to buy and then made me feel very stupid,d
I have been transformed to 3 different rooms and not released because of high wbc. The staff has been great. Doctors can communicate better though. The outside of this hospital looks better than the inside . Like always the food is pretty terrible. My nurses have been great! Beth, Greg, Anna , Traicye.
As promised, we came back here when it was time to purchase a scooter.  Service was excellent again.  We were surprising our son for Christmas (he thought he was just getting money and gift cards toward it) so he wasn't with us.  This left my wife and I to figure it out.  Thankfully, the staff was great as usual, showed us different scooters and explained the differences.  We ended up picking a scooter that he is absolutely thrilled with.  Price was competitive with that big online store with 2-day shipping but this way we got professionally assembly and free tune-ups.  My only concern is that we are buying a house across the street in 2 weeks and it will be a little hard to teach my teenager how to save and be responsible with upgrades calling to him...\n\n5\/20\/15: We now live right across the street and my son heads over there every few weeks.  They tune up his scooter for no charge each time and he comes back thrilled.  He had a friend leave a scooter at our house so my son took it over as a favor.  They even tuned that scooter for no charge.  We could not be happier with the post-sale service here.
Really good mexican restaurant. Their lunch and dinner specials are awesome (sometimes you have to ask for the specials menu).\n\nGreat food, awesome service, unbelievable prices, very family friendly. \n\nAdditional tip: start out with the guacamole; it's as good as it gets. Also try the free bean soup they offer as an appetizer.
This review is long overdue.  I came here with my kids, husband, and parents in February '16.  The food and service were both excellent.  This family-owned business has a great vibe. There are a lot of vegetarian options and the serving sizes are generous.  We will be back.
Very impressed with my visit yesterday: worked with Katherine Krouse after making an appointment online with their website. I was in and out in a little over half an hour with all of my 2013 taxes completely resolved.\n\nKatherine was friendly and efficient, and had no problem filing my taxes for Texas and California- though there is a separate $100 fee to file CA taxes. Katherine was able to take care of my moving and employment deductions, as well as answer all of my questions. Completed everything needed for my taxes in record time, and even filled out a page to get my refund directly deposited to my bank. Pricing was reasonable, considering everything I needed to take into account. I was advised that next year's taxes would be $120 to file, provided I only had employment in NV.\n\nEDIT: Referred my BF here to resolve some complicated tax issues when he got audited. JD's was awesome about going through everything with a fine tooth comb and ensuring he was caught up on everything, going back several years and two other states. Efficient, thorough, and professional.
If you are in Henderson and don't want to drive 10 miles to Chinatown area, then check out China A Go Go.  It is pretty darn good and about 10 levels higher in quality than Panda.\n\n1.  Ambiance - Located in a strip mall with easy parking and fighting for your food attention with a coffee shop and a sandwich shop near by.  You can smell the Chinese cooking and it get's your olfactory senses going.....  Inside, the restaurant is small, a few tables and quite crowded if there are people waiting in line.\n\n2.  Food - The quality of food here is quite good.\n\na.  Beef Chow Fun (Dry) - One of my favorite foods or comfort foods as my grandmother and mom always made this for me growing up.  I like the fact that this dish not only has al dente noodles, they do not fill up the dish with carrots and celery.  Veggies are important to the texture and the taste of the overall dish, yet using carrots and celery actually takes away from the taste of the dish vs. adding to the flavor.  Here they use green onion, onion, bean sprouts.  Very nice.\n\nb.  Chicken Curry - The flavor of the curry is a bit spicy, not too hot, just enough to get your juices kicking.  You won't need to grab lots or water, so rather it is a nice taste and flavor.  It is unfortunate that due to mostly western palate, that they use chicken breast instead of chicken on the bone.  The flavor of chicken on the bone is far superior to chicken breast.  However, they do slice the breast just right and flash cook it at the right speed so it is quite tender and juicy.\n\nc.  Spring Bean with Chicken - Love the flavor of the black bean mixed with this dish.  The spring beans are cooked to perfection and the chicken is flavorful and tender.\n\nd. Rice - They give you plenty of rice with your dishes.\n\ne.  Overall - All the food here is focused on western taste, yet all the cooks are Chinese short order cooks or so appear to be and yapping away in Chinese.  The cooks are all visible as you enter, so you can see everything.   They do catering here and pan sized dishes, so this is great for parties.  I don't vary much on what I order from here, because the menu is mostly western food, and not what I normally order.  However, for what I do order, it is great.\n\nI say check it out. You cannot go wrong.  This place is like going to Inn and Out for a burger vs. McDonalds.
It seems like all the bad reviews about this place are about the service and are very deserving. It always seems VERY disorganized, nobody seems to care and everything about the the layout is confusing. Food is decent but EVERYTHING else falls short, if you choose anywhere else to eat in the area, you won't be disappointed.
HATE  Nothing.\n\nDISLIKE  Nothing.\n\nLIKE  Friendly, attentive servers. Clean and more modern aesthetic than most pho restaurants. Good pho broth. Dessert options.\n\nLOVE  Some of the pho sides were served separately so it didn't shortchange the actual amount of broth and noodles. Open til 2am.
Good eats+ good service + better company = perfection\n\nThis review is long overdue, as the Mister and I treated ourselves to a nice dinner for Valentine's Day this past year. Better late than never, right?\n\nWe decided to try a spot that has been on my list for AGES. Michaelangelo's, a fine establishment just across the street from us, has received rave reviews since it opened its doors in 2006. In fact, last year the restaurant was Zagat Rated!\n\nReview highlights:\n\nThis romantic retreat offers authentic Northern Italian Cuisine from chef\/co-owner Michael Annandoro, along with an extensive selection of wines and a stylish bar area. With a large fireplace for winter and a patio for warmer weather, its an ideal choice for a special night out.\n\nWe started with the house multi-grain bread and flavored olive oil.\n\nWe ordered our "go-to" Italian appetizer, which is normally any dish that includes mozzarella and prosciutto. As soon as we spotted the "Bufala," we knew we had to have it. Described on the menu as buffalo mozzarella, prosciutto di parma and roasted red peppers, this dish was the perfect way to kick off our dinner. The mozzarella was rich, creamy and a great match for the salty prosciutto.\n\nKnowing that I'd be ordering an indulgent treat, I thought it would be best to order something light. But light and healthy doesn't mean flavorless - NO SIREE. This simple arugula salad was packed with incredible flavors! I loved the rich quality of the olive oil and the lemon was such a refreshing touch. The salad contained minced garlic and onion, as well as salty, savory Parmesan cheese. The Mister stole a few bites and proclaimed it to be one of the best salads he's ever tasted (Joey's Ceasar Salad in Chagrin Falls in also on the list).\n\nFor my "dinner" I ordered the Minestrone soup. Without a doubt, this was one of the heartiest Minestrones I've ever had. This thing was chock-full of root vegetables and beans -- so filling! It had quite a kick, too (luckily my whimpy taste buds could handle it, though!).\n\nThe Mister was kind enough to let me pick from all the decadent dessert offerings. In addition to the standard menu, the server explained some of the Valentine's Day features. I heard the words "chocolate bomb" and was sold. The chocolate coating contained rich and creamy chocolate mousse - like a little present from the chocolate Gods! While some chocolate dishes can be too rich and quickly weigh you down, this was the perfect balance. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.\n\nThe Mister and I decided that we'll be heading back to Michaelangelo's very soon. But this time we BOTH plan on ordering soup and salad  - that way we'll have room for an extra dessert!\n\nThis was such a great evening! The ambiance of the restaurant was very romantic and I loved every minute of chatting with the Mister and enjoying his company. Let's face it, Valentine's Day dinners have a pretty bad rep. From noisy and over-crowded restaurants, to poor service and cold food, I've heard all the horror stories. But if anything, Michaelangelo's went above and beyond to make sure our dining experience was special. Our waiter was so helpful and attentive and we never felt rushed. Make sure you give Michaelangelo's a try for your next special occasion -- they'll make sure you leave with some great memories
Ra has never disappointed me, their happy hour deals are incredible, and their ingredients are always fresh.  The menu is very creative for sushi, especially the dynamite plate.
Wow.  Talk about pizza.  This place lived up to the standards set by NYC.  The crust is chewy, thin, light, and the only thing making it "thick" is what you choose top it with.  We had a red pie, and a white pie...Both loaded up with tons of ingredients and flavors bursting our palettes.   Nice place to have in the middle of Las Vegas within the Canal Shops.
This is the only car wash I go to. Mind you, I go way out of my way to get here. The owner is honest and runs his business with integrity. He never tries to convince you that your car fluids are filthy and need to be changed  (previous experience I had with another car wash, one month after my fluids had been changed ). I have complete peace of mind coming here. They do a great job, every single time!
Now I know what I would order for my last meal.....cheeseburger and fries from Stockyards....with a cherry cola
Cute little park that gets the job  done when my dog needs to run around.  My dog is a small dog but all muscle.  He is a 25 lbs, boston, too big to play with most of the small dogs that are in the small dog area, and he is to small to play with the larger breeds.\n \nThe first time we went to this park I missed it and drove right by thinking it was a corner park for the houses in the area. We were used to Kellogg-Zaher park for the dogs. Large with 3 areas. \n\nThe small dog area is nice for a few dogs but when you get 5-6 dogs plus owners its crowded. They keep rhe area nice and clean. Stocked with doggie bags and seating for the humans. I looked and  mayne missed it but I did not see a water spout to fill up a bowl or let my dig drink from. \n\nWe will go back because like I said it does the job of gettibg my dog out of the house.
I've been to Kneaders many times for lunch. Their soups are all very good. You can get it in a bread bowl or with a slice of bread (many to choose from).  \nToday I had the black bean with avocado. I was a little disappointed at the 2 small slivers of avocado, but the soup was delicious. My absolute favorite soup is the Kickin' Chicken Enchilada. \n\nTheir sweet breads are all delicious! You'll pass by the tempting pastry display on your way to the register. Everything looks so good!\n\nThey always have samples of their breads at the register. Yum!\n\nI've only had their breakfast once. It was an egg sandwich, which was a good size, but I thought it was a little too greasy. Their coffee was good. They offer an all you can eat French toast that I hope to try sometime soon. \n\nOne of The best thing about Kneaders is that you can get quality food in a drive through. This makes it nice when you have little ones that you don't want to get out of the car. Speaking of kids, they have a grilled cheese kids meal that my kids love. \n\nKudos to them for being closed on each Sunday to give their employees a day off.
A Regional Director took care of my issue quickly and efficiently regarding refunding my enrollment fee.  She was professional and apologized for my negative experience.  Staff definitely need to learn from her customer service skills.
Wow 6 stars if I could even 7. Boyfriend and I on a mini trip to Vegas and decided to treat ourselves to a massage. Was so impressed that they had a  pair of shorts I can wear since I was wearing skinny jeans didn't they they could accommodate me but they did. By far best massage I've ever had. First time I was so relaxed I actually fell asleep. They go into every body tissue with just enough pressure. They also take time to relieve your knots. It's a shame that we live in cali that we can't go to this place for a massage. All I know is whenever we are in Vegas we will stop here for sure. Highly recommended you won't regret it. Can't wait go come back. Body feels amazingly relaxed. :) thank you ocean reflexology for an unforgettable experience.
Third visit past 9pm on a Friday night and we were able to walk in and get seated right away. \n\nWe have attempted to get a table before 830pm on a Friday a few times but there is little parking, the wait and businesses of EE Dos is crazy! Popular place!\n\nSo if you can be patient, it is well worth the wait.\n\nAll our visits to EE Dos have received great food, prompt service and attention to detail for our allergies. \n\nFood selection is large from Carnitas to Prime Rib. \n\nAs you are seated you are presented with a large serving of home made chips and 3 salsas; and water.  I have been to too many Mexican restaurants where this welcome has now disappeared or Salsa was extra!\n\nAmbience is everything here, the restaurant is an older Santa Fe style building with plenty of patio spaces and fireplaces.  Colourful SW\/Mexico decor and decorations surround your dining experience.  There is a large bar with some restaurant seating.\n\nRecommend fresh Guacamole (not tableside) but still very good and priced right.  \n\nOff the menu I recommend grilled veggies. \n\nLook for live music nights, we've had a solo guitar player a few times in our visits.\n\nStaff are always polite, helpful and attentive.
Wow not sure if they are related to the other Michoacán places but this place is terrible my food came looking bad and there was no taste in the food sent the food back and left immediately will never come here. Again!!!!
Was driving to work and needed lunch on the go so I stopped in for a quick bite. Don't give me wrong the place looks great. Awesome bar, huge tv's, I was telling myself "man I gotta hit this place up with the buds, it seems like the spot"  However, I ordered their "lantern burger" and being a burger freak I was highly disappointed. First, I ordered it medium well and it came well done. And it just didn't taste good. The quality of the beef was just awful it seemed like. Fries weren't that great either. Only thing they had going was their jameson BBQ sauce. I most likely will hit up their happy hour just to taste other foods they got, but so far not a fan of this place. Also based on looking at the menu a lot seems overpriced. Night Life seems like it has potential but doubt anyone goes there since it's in a plaza.
Jaclyn was an awesome! It was my second time there. I sat at the bar and had a few drinks and took food to go. The gyro is great!
Decoration reminds me of Cheesecake Factory. Turns out, it was inspired by it. \n\nThe service was a little on the short side. She wasn't pleasant just wanted to take our order and leave.  \n\nBest Eggs Benedict I've ever had. With mushrooms and bacon. Topped that off with fresh squeezed orange juice and my breakfast was amazing. \n\nThe hollandaise sauce was sooooo good.  My sister split my plate with me and she returned and got the same thing the next morning. And she was also in town the following week and got it again, it's that good. \n\nI would definitely return when I'm in the area again. \n\nThey also have a $20 breakfast buffet that's good. Not a full on buffet but like a continental breakfast on steroids.
There are two words that East End loves using, and they just happen to describe their product perfectly: GOOD BEER.\n\nI have never been disappointed with a trip to the brewery. It's a smaller operation, but you can really tell how much care and effort is put into all the beers. The regulars, especially Big Hop and Black Strap Stout, are all fantastic, but the more adventurous beers are a delight as well. There's usually at least one sour beer as well as at least one barrel-aged choice, for those that enjoy something a little different. Growler fills are pretty good, usually $12-18 depending on the beer, and they even have six-packs of Big Hop cans!\n\nEast End is the place to go if you want good, fresh beer in a cool space surrounded by people who know and love craft beer.
I stayed here for new years. Here's the problem. It's too far from the strip. Yes, there is a free shuttle and it's great, but who wants to take a shuttle when you can just stay on the strip. What Orleans does well is stand alone. The place is the only casino within a reasonable distance and has all the amenities that you need. \n\nAlso, this place is the home of the Las Vegas Wranglers (ECHL) hockey team. Like I said, amazing.
Their food is tasty and it's all vegetarian (if that's your thing). The price is really good for buffet ($12.99, even on weekends). The service isn't the greatest when it comes to picking up your plates. But the food is good, and the price as well.
The ambiance of this hookah bar is pretty relaxing. It is darkly lit, with a couple of sofas strewn around. There are a couple of huge televisions, playing melodic Arabic music. So far, so good. I can't complain about the hookah or the service. The staff is friendly, and they even have a nice collection of hookah flavors and zippos.\n\nIf you're looking for a nice, secluded place to relax and unwind, I'd suggest the Hubbly Bubbly.
Absolutely wonderful experience. The food is authentic and delicious!  Service is fantastic. We've been twice and will absolutely be back. We actually ended up here after walking out of the Vig after the last bad experience we will have there. The menu is wonderful and such a beautiful patio. Try the calzone, it's amazing.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would! I can not get enough of this amazing food! The location is fabulous right across from the fountains at Bellagio and they have outdoor seating so you can watch the fountains as well as people watch! The service was phenomenal and very understanding and helpful! The food however is the real gem! I cannot find anything comparable which is the only bummer because it will leave you craving more!
My favorite steak place in vegas! Id spend every birthday here if i could! My favorites are the sirloin and bacon wrapped filet mignon!
I've come here a few times with my 10 year old daughter who has it in her mind that this place is awesome and she may be right about the food, but very inconsistent service and the discount card they give you is such BS. I pay close to $50 every time I go and they have a punch card for 10% discount but not on your total order but just the least expensive burrito so usually works out to $1. I don't like misleading promotions like these and have decided to take my business elsewhere.
Had a great experience. Service is on point, food is amazing and like the atmosphere. The sashimi especially was really fresh and tasty. Finally a reasonable priced sushi restaurant in scottsdale that does it well.
My experience was above my expectations.   Service was great...everything was explained in detail.  Reasoning was supported for all the work that took place.\nMy bill was reasonable, repairs were done honestly, and quickly.  \n\nDale was personable knowledgeable and honest.  Hopefully life will allow me to never need service again, but we all know that this world isn't so kind.  In the future when i am in need of a tech....i will only look to Fairway.\n\nThanks
Been going here for 3 years and have yet to be disappointed. The owners are amazing and coach them through every single step. Also a great price!! Highly recommend
This place is sure hard to find, but the pizza is surly worth the visit. The restaurant is tucked in the very empty old strip mall and the actual place is in the corner. They have been there over 25 years and the interior is pretty outdated. We had great service, but could of been we were the first customers there for lunch. The staff told us they are very busy during winter the snowbirds, but summers are much slower.\n\nIf it's your first visit the regular crust is a must to try. Sourdough pizza crust is delicious!!
The food is awesome, restaurants staff is very friendly. CUBA cafe give you that welcome vib like you dinning from the comfort of your home
This is the worst salsa club ever! I have been going on and off for yrs and every time I go I get reminded of why I don't go often. \nThe management and staff are just plain RUDE!!! Very unfriendly and offer  poor customer service. I have so many complaints to mention.\nI really don't know why people put up with this disrespectful behavior, perhaps because there are limited choices in this city for Latin clubs.\nEven the clientele during the evening dancing are pretty snobby, after all it is in Yorkville. \n I always prefer El Rancho! The staff are friendly, always have a smile on their face and the clientele are also fun and friendly. If there is a problem the management provides good customer service.\n They seem to value their customers which is more than I can say for Babaluu. I will not be going back that's for sure. Many of my friends feel the same way about this place.\nCanadians are complacent and don't complain about any thing, it seems that they enjoy paying to be abused and not to be treated as a respected customer.\nIf you are not Latin, really young and don't know better you might enjoy this place as the music is pretty good, But I enjoy the variety at El Rancho more.
Legit Iced Tea!\n\nDavid's kind of reminds me of our version of Teavana. Hundreds of canisters of teas ranging from black to green to white, oolong etc...you name it, they have it in every flavor, scent, fruit whatever! \n\nSo I was on the search for a real iced tea. Just tea, with ice. David's lured me in with a free sample which was then explained that they will make it into iced tea. FINALLY! And it was delicious too.\n\nThey also have\/had a travel cup for iced tea which was about $10, but allows you refills at $1 instead of the full price which, if I were living in MTL right the heck now, I would totally be in for that.
Heyyy mannn, if you usually talk like how I'm writin' right now, and you, like, wanna spend your time hangin' out and don't mind waitin'... and waitin... for your sammich, this is the place to be dudes. \n\nAnyhoo, it took me 20 minutes for my sandwich to be made!  The bread is nicely toasted, the ingredients and sauce are plentiful, but the Thai jerk sandwich tasted a bit strange to me (probably related to the sauce), and was not worth the really long wait for lunch.
It's an ok place to go, especially if you want to have vegetarian options.  Food has sometimes been a 4, sometimes a 2.  Same for the service.  Portions are large though, which is nice.
Came to Azarias for dinner last night with my family. I love the decor, the B&W photos on the walls are all from the 40's\/50's (I'm guessing) of the owner's family. Lovely touch. \nWe arrived at 8pm on a Saturday and it was PACKED..you'll have to speak up in this place but no matter, seating was cozy and not cramped. A little basil plant with scissors is on every table which was a cute touch!\nWe ordered a whole bunch of stuff:\n-Summer greens salad\n-Hot & Spicy house-baked dry pork strips\n-Grilled lobster tails\n-truffled mushroom risotto\n-sauteed collard greens\n-sea salted fries\n-chocolate turtle cake\nEverything except for the lobster tails was 5\/5! The lobster tails were a little bland and dry. I want to come back and try the cauliflower & leek smash with roasted corn..mmm. \nLovely choice on a street packed with awesome eats.
The Pad Thai with vermicelli noodles is absolutely fantastic! And the curries... so good. The sauces are what make the food really shine, especially the sauce from the mixed vegetable dish. The menu indicates vegetarian dishes and which can be made gluten-free, which is also a plus.
Ate here many times, while the pizza is good its a little bit over priced.  Expect to leave this place by spending at least 50 dollars on pizza and maybe a small salad.  Plenty of local pizza joints offering better deals.  Or save yourself and just go get better wood fired pizza for less price.  \n\nA large pizza is about 16 bucks with no toppings for thin crust pizza.
I really like this place.  We've been a handful of times now and I've always had a good time.  It's friendly, with good food and beer.  \n\nLast night our order was quite delayed because of a tripped breaker.  After we finished our delicious (if delayed) supper, the server brought us some dessert on the house.  It was a small gesture but it meant a lot.  Will definitely keep visiting.
I agree with the 3 star.  Aok.  Healthy choice at airport.  Expensive but filling bento box to go at $14.  Had several little roll pieces, 3 sushis, and some seaweed.\n\nEh...but better than a burger and fried
2 drinks ordered with a set of nachos \n\nThe "management team" was standing there taking pictures of the "amazing drink art" \n\nUnfortunately there wasn't any coordination on which drink is out... \nWho chronologically has been serviced... \n\nMaybe this type of place is meant for the people that are willing to donate money and walk away without drinks or food \n\nHorrible service \nHorrible coordination \n\nCan't come back
New poke restaurant in town. Like the mango topping, jalapeño and house dressing. Had regular bowl last time. Will get large bowl nest time.
Amazing food , so hard to choose from everything . The smoothies and juices r delicious too . You can't go wrong with that wellness drink .
This joint hands down kicks pizza hut,dominoes, or papa johns in the behind so bad it isnt even funny. Some might say that the crust of a pizza determines the greatness. Mostly this statement in all of its falsehood is uttered by the female gender, and that is OK. However if your a male you would probably agree that its the toppings that make a pizza great. Guys how many times have you got a pizza and told yourself " i wish I could have got back there and made it myself. Well you dont have to dream anymore if you patronize this particular L.C.'s.Toppings are very generous at this place, all you have to do is say" heavy on the toppings" when you call it in. The emp. that make the pizzas somehow always honor that request and still manage to keep their jobs. Since I started going to L.C.'s I have not patronized any other pizza joints. If the competition made their pizzas with as many toppings as this place the cost to you would be unfavorable for lack of a better word. The manager is very cool, its run by a man named Johnny, and he has assured speed,  accuracy and quality in hundreds of pizzas i have purchased from there. His employees never have an attitude and genuinly appear happy to be working. His best trait without a doubt is his friendlyness and that makes him very approachable so shout at him if you ever go in there.
This EOS is one of the oldest locations. I've been to the one in Gilbert and Tempe and to be honest this one is the least maintained out of all of them.\n\nI noticed they got 3 new stair masters which is a plus! The old ones would always break and I didn't like the ergonomics. The new ones are from Life Fitness and I love those.\n\nThis location has everything you need if you are not picky about cleanliness. I come here when I don't want to drive to the Tempe location.
The kitchen sink is a six-egg omelet with diced turkey, hot dogs, peppers, chili and more. I am not a huge fan of meat cut into perfectly square cubes. It reminds me of grade school hot lunch, but I ate half of it and boxed up the rest. Goodness, the pumpkin bread is as amazing as everyone says it is, and so are the potato fries.\n\nWeiss' Deli serves better food and coffee but the service at Omelet House is outstanding, and so are the sides. I will definitely return. Glad I tried it.
BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  These are scammers through and through.  I took my iphone 5C here a few months ago to have the cracked screen repaired.  Today, the screen stopped working and vertical stripes appeared.  I decided to take it somewhere else (Friendly Wireless on Rancho - I highly recommend!) and they discovered that screws were put in that were too large (so that they would eventually damage the screen) and a wire was damaged beyond repair.  Go Gadgets deliberately damaged my phone, so that I would have to return to them.  Do not go there - they are crooks!!
Positive thinking and hopefully. After my Continued review from my Sunday tip. After 3 hrs + on Sunday left with jib unfinished.  Back today with hard working team. 4+ hrs Still waiting as now I just want my car done right as promised on Sunday.  Want to leave here feeling positive and wanting to come back.
Worst customer service. Very dissapointed and did not appreciate getting yelled for waiting patiently by David. Will never return.
Nothing to complain about, but I would say there are other restaurants that serve up pretty much the same things as Waffles Incaffeinated.  So, unless I was in the area or lived nearby, I probably wouldn't come back.\n\nThe menu is a decent size, but I did expect to see more inventive and varied uses of the waffle, considering this is the premise of the restaurant.  There's basically two kinds of sweet waffles (berries or a combo of bananas and chocolate) or a few savory waffles (a normal breakfast with a waffle thrown in).  The waffles themselves are also nothing spectacular.  It almost tasted like the waffles were just microwaved.  They weren't golden brown or with that nice crisp crust, but instead more soft and chewy.  \n\nNow for the positives, as I did, overall, enjoy my meal there.  The service is quick and you can use the "No Wait" app to put yourself on the waitlist.
During practice for our upcoming tournament; both my very expensive Volleyballs decided to give up the ghost and literally exploded!\n\nI was in a panic, as my typical go to locations nearby for picking up high-end tournament volleyballs for practice have gone by the wayside. \n\nSure, there's still Dick's sporting goods, but their locations were just too far away from our practice venue - and it was rush hour, no less.\n\nThis is where C&S Sporting goods came to the rescue. I literally cannot even count how many times I have passed by this place and made a mental note to stop in some day.\n\nThis was that day!\n\nAnd what a find. They happened to have a used USA Volleyball approved Molten Tournament. It was in excellent condition. For good measure, I also picked up Champro Pro VB Training ball as well.\n\nThis place isn't that big, but from my quick survey of the establishment; they have a fairly decent selection. And the two people that worked there were quite friendly and adept in their knowledge of what they had in their inventory.\n\nThat's what I love about small businesses. \n\nTheir care, attention, and heart for their product and services; as well, as their customers manifests itself in a tangible and perceptible manner.\n\nI will definitely make this my stop for any future sporting gear needs!
The food here is decent, but I won't return after how my boyfriend and I have repeatedly been treated. \n\nEverytime we visit the restaurant, it's the same thing. We end up waiting forever to have our orders taken, and the waitresses are rude and never check up on our table. Having a partner who worked in some of the finest restaurants on the strip sit down to a meal with me, and be treated as such, is absolutely apalling. \n\nThe last straw, was when I ordered a dish, and the taste was fishy and rancid, and the noodles were over-cooked. When I asked for the manager, the girls were extremely rude and combative, until finally, we had the manager come to our table. After politely explaining that the dish simply did not taste edible, the manager was defensive and condescending, and told me that the dish is "supposed to taste like that." The dish was supposed to taste like garbage? He refused to take it off our bill or even swap it out for something else. We paid and left promptly, and never returned. I was shocked. Never have I experienced someone so incredibly rude to me in a dining experience!\n\nThe lack of customer service greatly over shadows the food. After our third visit with horrible service, we will never be back again.\n\nIf you want UNBELIEVABLY bad service with management and servers who do not know what they are doing, then by all means, this is the place for you.
There are few things more Pittsburgh than Mancini's bread. I have never tried a bread from them that I did not like. Their Italian loaf is simple and delicious. Their sandwich rolls are soft but sturdy enough to stuff tons of goodies with. Their pepperoni rolls are insanely delicious- a MUST try. Most recently, I tried a loaf of their rustic baguette. Crusty on the outside and soft on the inside- it was the most perfect baguette I have ever had. It went well with the charcuterie I made over the weekend and I plan on using the rest to make fresh garlic bread (yum!). The store itself is very small, but the staff is excellent & have become adjusted to being so busy. They will get you in & out of there in no time, without rushing you on your selection. \n\nIf you're in the strip, go to Mancini's. You will not regret it!
Came here for dinner, ordered a pepperoni, sausage, and mushroom pizza well done, was absolutely flavorful! Mmmm.... This white sangria also wasn't too far behind. Like the open atmosphere and patio seating.
I have been going for about 3 months .  I hated the evil workouts at first, but I stuck with it.  I am now actually looking forward to going.  Crossfit kicks your ass, but in a good way.  \n\nI like all of the instructors and nobody is made to feel unwelcome in any way.  \n\nIf you are sick of running treadmills at the gym or dinking around on weights, take your fitness to a whole new level and go to Tribal.
Had a wonderful time! Torri had wonderful service. Food was great and the drinks were better.
I have been a very big supporter of Eleven for many years, eating there often with family, friends, and business associates.  This past Tuesday, I met a business associate for drinks in the bar, hoping to have dinner afterwards.  I noticed a mouse near the bar, and thought it may have come in through the door.  I told the hostess what happened, she did not know hat to say.  when a returned to my seat, I noticed three additional mice running under the furniture.  When my business associate noticed one of the mice, she freaked out and we left the restaurant.  I wrote a letter to the Big Burrito group and told them what happened and got no response.\n\nMy favorite restaurant has a sanitation problem that needs to be addressed.  Too bad.
Showed up with a bachelor group around 7 pm Saturday night, and after being told there was a 2 1\/2 hour wait, ended up leaving. $50 a person, per hour? Could've played a real round with a cart for less than that.
Rude and horrible customer service. I tried calling them and they called me back quick. When I wasn't quick to book them. The man started yelling at me. I've had a bad day, I don't need anyone yelling at me. I don't know if their service is actually any good but I wont use them. They need to realize that they have to be NICE to customers.
Visiting on vacation from NYC.  Entered the restaurant but there was no hostess at the hostess station.  After a couple minutes, a busboy seated us and brought us one menu for the 3 of us.  Busboy returned a minute later with 2 more menus.\n\n20 minutes went by and not a single waiter came over to take our order.  Horrible customer service in what is otherwise a fabulous city.\n\nWe left, and nobody even noticed.  There appeared to be exactly one waitress handling both the indoor and outdoor seating.\n\nOn our way out, there was a couple waiting at the hostess station, but there was no hostess there to greet them.  I thought about telling them what our experience was, but decided to just post this on Yelp instead.
Okay - Eric truly saved the day for us this time! Hats off to you sir\n\nKitchen clogged occurred again but not just my tenants sink but also the neighboring sink next door. Knowing we shared a common line between six units built out of copper and galvanized pipes - we asked Eric to cut out the 1960 design of copper pipes with modern day PVC pipes.\n\nHe was efficient and was very prompt to answer a call at 7am Monday morning. He was put there in two hours and worked on it for 6 hours with his partner.\n\nThe service was excellent and was very thorough in his work and explanation of reasons why he was taking an approach versus another option.\n\n$800 later we have new updated plastic pipes shared between the units, no clogs, smooth sink drain and satisfied tenants and owners. Now it's all up to HOA to take ownership of this charge - but that's a different issue, not relevant here. However Eric offered to be our technical advisor should anyone have questions about why the pipes were replaced.\n\nThanks Eric and team for your strong effort and support! Awesome contact for any sort plumbing drain issues!
Ok gym, elliptical machines always seem broken or creaky. Magazines for cardio are outdated and falling apart. Generally clean. People constantly dropping weights and grunting while lifting them. No classes, gets old fast
Not my terminal of preference but you can't have everything.  I will admit it is better than the last time I passed through and they always seem to work on improving the operation so I can appreciate that. Thank you all at terminal 1
Update: I returned to give this location another chance and had phenomenal food, my other favorite menu item the mahi mahi with cilantro hummus and pita chips. Service was fantastic. Great experience. \n\nI LOVE Pita Jungle and go to many locations regularly. One of my favorite "go to" dishes is the tikka masala. Sadly, this location's tikka masala did not taste like what is made at other locations, and I have eaten that dish at at least 4 other locations. The server brought me another tikka masala without all the paprika sprinkled on it, but the whole dish was off. It did not even satisfy my want for Indian food, so I'll have to go to an Indian place tonight. \nI love Pita Jungle, but this place did not deliver one of their standard dishes.
Great spot and Great breakfast food. Above average in this category of restaurant (Denny's).  Had Bacon omelet with pancakes, and biscuits w\/gravy. All were very tasty and came out quick. Tip: Share a meal...so much food. Awesome service - ask for Tina. Will definitely come back.
Used to be my favorite place.. Recently they changed the menu for some reason and I don't like it at all.  The Tuna tartar, the BLT salmon and bunch of other items are gone.  The new menu is cheap , poor quality and prepared by rookies.
Don't come expecting authentic.  \n\nNo MSG and not oily.  The har gow and siu mai were amongst the cleanest I have ever tasted.  Not sure where the shrimp was in the har gow, but it was flavorful from shitakes.  \n\nDuck potstickers were not what I expected with strong cumin flavors, but quite good and artistic with the 'lace'.    \n\nDidn't love the tea.  Don't trust the 'Perfect Tea Timer'.  The green tea was weak.  \n\nRequested for spiciest level of guac, barely any heat, but nice addition of queso fresco and corn tortillas were soft and fragrant.  All three tacos ordered were well seasoned and brimming with meat.  \n\nCustomers matter here, I sent the spring rolls back, because the menu did not indicate it was a fried version.  \n\nLarge variety on the menu.  I left wanting more and hoping there was time to return.
On a cold Winter day, when it is snowy and miserable outside.. I know where I want to head to for a couple of hours... Seoul Zimzilbang Korean Sauna!!!\n\nI been to Korean Sauna when I visited Seoul.. I can tell you that Zimzilbang is as good\/authentic or even better.. \n\n- 24\/7, it never never close!! And you are welcome to stay as long as you like!\n\n- Just love lying around hanging out with friends.. it is just a different experience than going out to for a drink or dinner or coffee with friends.. the experience here is more intimate.. feels more like a sleepover :)\n\n- spacious resting area..big sofas to lay around.. TV to watch... Free Wifi access (yes you need to be connected even when you in a Sauna?).. even a Pool table?!!! \n\n- The different sauna rooms that have different minerals on their walls suppose to give you different health benefits..\n\n- I can imagine if I am an out of towner, I will come here for the sauna, have a nap, workout on the exercise bike, have a shower, write yelp reviews.. all for $20!! That's much cheaper than staying in a hotel\/motel!!\n\n- atmosphere here is really casual and you will see families with kids spending a couple of hours here..\n\nI felt totally refreshed and relaxed after my Sauna experience! BTW, that 100C room is freaking HOT!!
I am a huge fan of the Food Network's Dinners, Dives, and Dive ins. So, when Guy was raving about how La Pizza Al Forno was one of the best pizza's he ever had...I believed him! \n\nOf course, since I live only 15 minutes away from the place they called pizza heaven, I had to go.\n\nFirst time I came here, there were people packed on the street, waiting for their turn to be seated. As it was a Sat. night, the wait was 45 minutes. We denied our selves heaven, only because our tummies were NOT gonna be denied any longer PERIOD.\n\nWe went to Cibo's ( I will get to that review in a sec) and decided that we'd go to Al Forno next Sat., early next Sat.\n\nWe were seated within minutes of arriving early Sat. afternoon, although it was packed.\nThe place was dimly lit, and filled with the aroma of backed goods. We ordered the ITALIAN STALLION and it was on our table and in our mouths in 10 minutes! No really, 10 MINUTES! Their handmade brick oven wasn't joking around!\n\nNow to the Pizza, was it a slice of pizza heaven? Sure...but I'm glad we didn't wait 45 minutes for it. CALM.DOWN.GUY!
This is my #1 biggest concern. About half way through the HOF, I realized it was lunch and decided to head over to the cafeteria. As with places like this, I expected the food to be overpriced, but was not expecting to get totally ripped off. A veggie wrap for $4.50 seemed like the best deal on the menu (and at least they do have a vegetarian option!) and perhaps it was, but it was much smaller than I expected. And since everything is made in the morning and already wrapped you cannot tell them "no onions" for instance. Food allergies will come into play a lot here I'm sure as you have to get the food the way it's made. My husband chose to get a "side salad" and we laughed when we realized a side salad is not a smaller salad, but a small portion of macaroni salad or tomato and cheese salad. We were both hungry when we left. We did not buy chips or candy, but you can get a small bag of chips for $1.00 or a regular sized candy bar for $2.00 If you're thirsty, you're in luck because they have soda, water, and juices, but they are the smallest bottles I've ever seen for $2.00 (that was for the soda - juices may be more). This is to encourage people to buy more I'm sure and to avoid sharing. They could easily sell them for $1.00 a piece and still make a killing, but they are more interested in being greedy.\n\nWhen you enter the museum and when you leave the cafeteria area, you will see signs saying no outside food or drink and no food or drink outside of the cafe. I'm almost certain this is not to keep the exhibits safe, as mostly everything is behind glass, but a ploy to get you to spend more. By the time you're half way through you'll be so thirsty, that you'll have to buy an overpriced drink, and then you'll see the sign saying you have to drink it all in the cafeteria area. There may have been water fountains by the bathrooms, but I doubt it. So my #1 suggestion is to eat before you go and tuck a drink in your purse for later.\n\nSecond problem is their photos. When you enter, they take your picture as though you're about to set sail on a cruise and then they charge you just as much for it. When you go to the photo area, you'll see a large flat screen TV behind the counter and will probably assume, as we did, that this is to display your picture so you can decide before they print it out if you want it or not. Not so. This is merely to advertise that that is where you get your pictures, and they have slide shows of previous visitors up there. They instead print out every single picture and presumably toss the ones that do not get bought. I asked them to please not print out our photo as I doubted we'd pay the $20 for it and I didn't want to waste the paper or ink, and I was met with an attitude by the girl behind the counter. She said they print out everyone's photo - as if that makes a difference. That makes the problem worse! I would just expect such a museum to take more interest in protecting our resources. I'm sure they find that people are more likely to buy the photos if they are in front of them, but again, they are just being greedy.\n\nAside from that, I found the history on the tracks very interesting and I love seeing the different grade percentages for the tracks. They have a 33 degree grade that you can step on - very similar to one that exists if you visit the Daytona track. The history on the cars I found to be very boring.\n\nThe hard card activities were more hassle than they were worth as you wait in line to try each one and then some of the machines didn't even work.\n\nYou can get parking diagonally across the street for $5, which I thought was the best value all day! Admission prices are not too pricey either, I didn't think.\n\nOh, and the simulator ride costs extra.\n\nExcept for the attitude we got from the photo girl, everyone else was very nice. But this is really something you visit only once. I can't imagine we'll ever go back.\n\nAll in all, I doubt I'd recommend the Nascar Hall of Fame - for me there is very little I took away from it.
Decent gym with a very low monthly payment.  I prefer this location rather than the older Greenway one....its a little run down ....but what the hell we are there to pick up iron so who cares anyway!
I still love this place but I'm updating my comments due to the crazy dynamic some parents are creating for everyone else.  I love kids; I have four.  I love meeting my friends and their kids here.   \n\nWhat I don't love is watching parents completely ignoring their kids and letting them run and scream\/shriek constantly across the business for over an hour.  Last night 2 couples let their 7 or 8 children create complete havoc in the back area; they put what appeared to be a 10 to 11 year old girl in charge of several younger kids.  The staff and several patrons suggested to the group that what they were doing was disruptive and at times dangerous\n-the boy's climbed up into a portion of the fence\/border area and disappeared for a bit\n- one little girl came up behind some patrons and just grabbed the leash of a dog and tried to pull it away.  \n- they moved dozens of rocks to the fountain, when they weren't throwing them.\n\nIt got so bad that a half dozen patrons just decided to leave the bar area and go somewhere else.   It was to the point that a bouncer would have been called in if these had been adults.  When all of this was brought to the attention of so called parents they didn't even bother to get out of their seats.  Don't ruin this awesome place for the rest of us.
I am generally not too crazy about Terroni, but, the roof top patio at this place is a killer. I went there for lunch one day and the view, the comfortable setting and the decor made me feel like I was on beach in a four star hotel. The service was ok and the food is typical terroni: good, but nothing spectacular for what they charge and claim. I however was impressed by my server's knowledge of their wines. My go to patio from now on, specially since it was not too crowded. There is also a table on the second floor balcony (patio is on the 3rd floor)  which is for larger groups (8-10) that seemed pretty amazing too.
I ordered: Rice ball with meat sauce and cheese + veal sandwich + pop = 20$ for 2 people\n\nRecommendation: Comfort food that makes you full, not a place for foodie that's looking for something special\n\n+(1\/2) Price vs Portion: we were very full but 20$ is little pricey for what you get\n\n-1 Taste: \nRice ball \n- literally a bowl of rice + cheese layer + basic tomato sauce top\n- bland, nothing special\n- bigger than you expect, about the size of cup of milk (240 ml)\n\nVeal sandwhich\n- thin cut meats + cheese + mushrooms + tomato sauce\n- buns and meats were not flavourful so most of the taste is tomato sauce\n- double the size of a big mac\n\n+1 Comfortable place to eat and you get served
I had the chicken parm.  The chicken had a crispy exterior with a moist flavorful center.  The sauce was warm, hearty, and had a hint of sweetness.  My husband had a calzone, which had an amazing buttery, flaky, and delicious crust.
I consider Restaurant Bonaparte's food quality average to very good. Service is excellent but for the value I believe it could be improved. We decided to go to this restaurant for dinner because of the great reviews on various websites and magazines. I would only recommend it if it is convenient for the location, in a hotel. But since Montreal has so many great restaurants I would try other places.
We just moved to this area and checked this place out on our moving day.\nHost is really nice. Gave us two more mango drinking as welcome to the neighborhood. Curry is great and my wife really enjoyed the food.
Supreme taste for the coffee. Service was great. The barista seems to know the stuff they sell very well and care about customers\n\nIt'd be better if they can improve the decor of both inside and outside a bit and they are in a better neighborhood. It's also a bit far. So if  dineen was opened, we wouldn't have gone there. \n\nReally like their coffee tho !!
The best tacos ever! Full of flavor and meat! Definitely my favorite place to get my tacos from
The food and beer is overpriced like crazy. I ordered an appetizer and was so disappointed with it I left. \n\nI will give them this, their game room looks fun but it appears that they are paying for all that extra space with the markups on their menu. $4 for a bottled beer, $7.50 for a $1 taco from taco bell... If I had kids, and also too much money, I'd come here to spend it and not give a damn. Not for me.
I've grabbed dinner to go here a couple times in the past few months. I was excited to find another inexpensive mexican restaurant close to where I live. Most of their food seems pretty salty...I could live with about half the salt and I like a lot of salt But the spicy beef (#9) lived up to it's name. If you like spicy food I'd highly recommend trying the #9. Considering that Amados is just a couple minutes away, I probably won't try this place again.
Terrific Thai food and a huge hit in our office. While they are always busy, the food is always on time and made just right. Never had a bad experience here. My only disappointment is they no longer delivery during lunch hours, only dinner hours. This place really has been booming over the last couple of years!
My wife and I have been looking for a good Japanese Curry place every since we left Okinawa in 2003 (CoCo's was the place in Okinawa) and boy did we luck up on this place.  We have tried several places in California and here in Las Vegas...THIS PLACE IS IT!!  If I were to close my eyes and go purely on taste alone, I would think I was in Okinawa sitting at CoCo's.  The Chicken Katsu we breaded and had just the right "crisp" to it.  I opted for a level 2, which had just the right amount of heat for me, and my wife went with the mild. She also said it reminded her or Okinawa...and we took to-go plates as well.  If you have a craving for Japanese curry, try this place....if you haven't tried Japanese Curry and want to, try this place.
Great selection for the size of the store (very small). This is the place to go for independent music in the PHX area.\n\nAs others have said, getting there is a bit tricky.
The West Side Market is one of my regular stops each week. The market is full of different goods like fresh fruits and vegetables, sweets, coffee, juices, and meats. I love going here and trying different things each week while also grabbing some of my favorite. One of the best places to stop by is the Juice Garden. The juice garden offers a mixture of juices, smoothies, and wheat grass. But, the best juice they offer is a the rising sun. It is a mixture of pineapple, carrot, orange, and apple. Now I am not a huge fan of carrot or pineapple, but the way this is mixed is amazing and I do not even realize what I am eating.\n\nThe market also provides cheaper prices for items like flax and chia seeds compared to what you would find at a store. Often times due to the packaging prices on these items are a lot higher than if you simply got them from places like Fresh Thyme where they do not package them. \n\nTip: The market can get very busy to where you can barely walk and you are bumping into people. If you want to avoid the hassle and be able to walk around at your own pace go early on the weekend or on the weekdays. I suggest on the weekends get to the market by 10:30am and on the weekdays by 11am at the latest.
We got a half dozen specialty donuts and they're fantastic! Plus the staff is super friendly.
I love this place. Always crowded and loud , casual, great Mexican food (for Phoenix) at reasonable prices. This food is close to tex-mex which is what I prefer. Can't go wrong with the Tee Pee Special or the Presidential Special. Nice patio out front. Good chips and salsa when you sit down. Cold beer and margaritas. What's not to love?!
It was an amazing experience but certainly think the prices could be lower. $119 for the jump alone &129 for the jump with the pics and $149 for the jump, pics, and video. Just like what everyone else said, it's nerve wrecking before the jump but afterwards it's smooth sailing (:
My husband and I found this place like 2 years ago and when we in the mood we go there for him it's the gyro combo and for me it's the lamb kabob plate. So yummy . Half way thru the meal we stwich and i get my Husbands fries and he gets my rice. The green dressing is so good (but beware it's spicy). They use a special blend of spices for they fries  and they are  so good. No prepared food they cook when u order so if they busy it can take a while.  Also the hummus is really good.  Really good middle eastern food.
Meh. went in with high expectations. I've definitely had better fish and chips. Old Yorke is a little more authentic. \n\nThis place isn't bad, but it's not the best fish and chips in the city. \n\nI do like the CSR component and the gluten free options. That's the only reason i'd come back - it's not that the taste will bring me back.
This is my 3rd visit here, but my first time ordering a burger.  Well I thought the girl that was taking my order was listening.  Maybe because she had such a big order before us she wasn't thinking.  But I ordered the simi serious burger with tomatoes, lettuce, onions, fresh Jalapenos and guacamole, 1000 dressing, and spicy seasoning! (hubby got the serious burger) Welp, got waxed peppers instead of jalapenos, and no guacamole.  I don't even think they put the spicy seasoning on it.  This burger was so bland!  I'm glad we brought it home.  I had to bust out with my own seasonings to make it taste ok!  So 2 burgers, and 2 med onion rings $35.00  It wasn't worth it!  Not even a drink for that price.  There onion rings are really good though.  you can order 1 med.  And share it with 2 people.  I don't see me going back there for a burger.  I might try the salad.......Depends on the price!
Cheap plenty of food and delicious, with very friendly staff. Would definitely refer friends and family.
We're one of those families trying to cut wayyyyyyyyy back on fast food. But my daughter loves Wendy's. And *sigh* I'm a fan too.\n\nNeither of us eats beef but Wendy's chicken offerings aren't bad. I usually get a grilled chicken something or other. Either the sandwich or one of the smaller wraps. Rarely, I'll get the chicken nuggets.\n\nMy daughter loves the spicy nuggets. \n\nAn aside: Not specific to this location but just a comment on the nuggets in general: the spicy nuggets aren't as plump as the regular nuggets. Blehhh.\n\nThis location has been clean every time we've visited, which is maybe once a month as we shop the merchants in this area often.\n\nThe counter people are usually friendly, especially so on our visit last night.
Now, I'm not a violent person, but let's just say I would step on my beloved boyfriend's neck to get to their desserts. Lemon bars? Oh yeah...pie????? Oh heeeeeeells yeah!! Fresh, perfectly sweet and simply delightful.\n\nBesides the yummy tasty treats, we also enjoyed a couple of their breakfast items. Their French toast with a berry compote is two little slices of heaven. Do not get me started on their bacon...bacon dot YEAH!!!! \n\nI can't wait to go here again to sample many more of their dishes. We'll probably go so often it will be like Cheers up in that piece...NORM!!!
I received a box load of coins from my Father- Did some research and found PV Coin & Jewelry to be rated quite nicely. Jonah was very helpful in educating me in the way silver is priced and how i can research dates & locations on coins. It was very informative, and I am impressed the the knowledge offered up to help me with saving and selling.
If you're NOT going to do be talked into a sales presentation, going to this resort will probably be fine.  We agreed, and honestly, it was like being pressured at a used car dealership. They sent over a total of 3 reps and went over the time they had promised, which was a shame as we had made plans for later.  \n\nNot all of the staff were rude, but all it takes is a couple to ruin the experience and impression of a place.  Some employees promised or offered certain incentives for going to the informational talk, then others tried to get money in exchange for the same offer.  Some of the staff was rude, agressive, insulting, and pretty much called me and my fiancee' liars.  One guy, Scott, was cool and proffessional.  \n\nMost of the staff not pertaining to selling you membership was helpful and friendly.  The resort is under construction now, but the other than that, the pools are nice.  The gym isn't huge, but they do offfer a complimentary shuttle to the strip.\n\nSo if you avoid the sales\/membership\/ talk, you'll probably be better off.
I joined about two years ago. At the time, I liked that it was a simple, no frills gym, and that a good percentage of the clientele were middle aged, wanting to stay fit. At the time, it was plain, but clean.  Now, I stay only because of my awesome trainer (Nicole).  I am extremely disappointed how dirty and run down the place has become. The ladies room is disgusting, the sink faucets are disintegrating and The floor is always filthy. I change at work beforehand because I refuse to touch anything I don't need to. The equipment is coated with dust and sweat. The front desk kids should not be required to do the cleaning. The owner needs to hire a professional company to come in weekly. I pay a fortune for my personal trainer - Management needs to invest in the location. There's too much competition available to be so cheap with your facilities.
Der Name mag vielleicht nahelegen, dass es sich um so etwas wie eine Herberge oder ein Hostel für ausschließlich junge Leute handelt. Natürlich ist das Studentenhotel ein Hotel für jeden, der gut und günstig in Stuttgart übernachten will.\n\n\n Ich habe mehrmals im Internationalen Studentenhotel eingecheckt und mich dabei immer wohlgefühlt. Das Personal ist freundlich, zuvorkommend. Extrawünsche sind kein Problem. Ich hatte keinen Laptop dabei, durfte kurzerhand am PC im Büro Mails checken.\n\n\n Einrichtung und Architektur sind schlicht und modern, im Foyer dominiert warmes Orange. Das Frühstücksbüffet ist umfangreich, es schmeckt.
I happened to be in Cleveland for the Easter Weekend and not being from this metropolis, I asked my sister to find us a place to eat. My sister made reservations to Provenance for Easter brunch.\n\nI really enjoyed my time here. Firstly, this restaurant is in a museum ! How cool is that?! Secondly, the decor of the Provenance is quite chic; the large windows with a great view of the gardens is so nice. Thirdly, the food isn't all that bad. I had the egg & potato strata, which was quite tasty. I also enjoyed the goat cheese & chive muffins. Fourthly, the service was fantastic - everyone was super friendly and attentive. My server noticed that I needed a refill of joe before I did!\n\nThe meal is a little on the pricier side, but the way I figure, you're getting an awesome experience and you're supporting the Cleveland Museum of Art. \n\nGreat for: out-of-towners, appreciators of art, nice meal
I was in for a pedicure last weekend. I was a first time, walk in client. The salon seems slightly informal, but good ! The woman taking care of my pedi did a very clean job polishing, but not much of a massage scrub. I loved the color selection here of regular polish! you can tell it is a more youthful salon than others in the area. \n\nThe woman doing my pedi watched the news most of the time while taking care of me, from the large TV hanging in the pedi area. Not a fan, but they had the spray enamel that they put on my toes after so as soon as I was ready to go, it would not smudge! \n\nI would take that in trade for the TV , and scheduled an acrylic fill for this weekend. .
Was in town on business and craving a philly. This place was nearby and had a decent menu. The steak was juicy and flavorful and the fries were fresh cut. Great portions for the price.
Food and service were great - no complaints there. Complaints are with the NOISE level of the restaurant, oh my god - do NOT try to have a first date here. I was out to dinner with my wife and felt like I was shouting at her and she was sitting right across from me. ROWDY is one word to explain it. I honestly walked out and breathed a sigh of relief, I could hear myself think. I honestly don't know if we'll be back due to how loud it was. We've been to other Roadhouse's and nothing has compared to this. It's not like I wanted a quiet, romantic dinner. I just wanted to have a normal conversation about my day but could barely be heard. Ruins much of the experience.
Cookout is by far my go to on a late night or simply a night I don't feel like cooking. Or when I'm hanging with friends and don't feel like ordering pizza. Or when I just get back from a flight. Really I don't need an excuse to go because it always hits the spot. \n\nThis is the closest cook out to south end so when I'm down there hanging with friends this is usually our go to spot for a quick dinner. This location is fast with orders and the staff is good. They reversed an order once for me and gave me a beef quesadilla instead of chicken so that's why I gave it 4 stars. Chicken is by far the superior and I was sad. Hasn't happened since so I have forgiven them.
Lovin the fresh hand crafted artisan sandwich's and fresh whole eggs and real fresh baked buns and muffins.\n\nAdd a shot of espresso to your McCafe for a kick.
One word...WOW!...The Beer..Awesome!..The Food..Awesome!..The Service..Awesome!..The Staff..Awesome!..The Live Music..Awesome!..This place is Awesome!!..Do not pass up an opportunity to enjoy this brewery!..Okay two words..WOW and Awesome!
The worst experience and very disorganized. I had my facial done and towels smelled very bad. The girl didn't do any extractions I requested and barely touched my skin while massaging. The hair part was even worse.. The girl didn't wash the back of my hair and had no idea what she was doing. She put on me dirty cover up and it smelled like an old cigarette smoke. She also had a body odor and her tools and products were falling on the floor while she was trying to blow dry my hair for an hour. I couldn't take it any longer and just left with unfinished hair. There were no instructions given and I have no idea what those girls are learning there and what I was charged $44 for. Do not go there and waste your time and money.
If I could give negative stars I would. Never had a good experience but this last one was the final straw. Ordered two super sonic breakfast burritos in the drive thru, drove several miles home to find out neither had sausage. I returned to the store and the manager couldn't even tell me what was supposed to be in them. I asked for a refund in full for the entire order which also included a drink and tots. He offered to make new ones but I was livid. Thankfully he refunded the order, however Sonic is done in my book. You can't even get the basics of fast food right... I don't even want to know what goes on behind the glass.
I love this place the staff is very friendly and helpful. The gelato is awesome. All the gelato are made on location with natural ingredients and they are delicious.
Went here for my sons birthday with our family of four, he was very much looking forward. Food was mediocre and many items were forgotten. The Basil chicken looked nothing liked advertised and was completely inedible. Very disappointed, won't be back.
One of my most favourite Sephora locations! \n\nI have to admit, this place gets packed what with all the high school teenies coming in here, BUT I once freaked out thinking they discontinued the Princess perfume rollerball, only to find it fully stocked here. \n\nI obviously bought 4.
I generally go to the dealer for most things but you can't beat being in and out in less than 15 minutes. Five stars just for the time they save me. They even let me leave the baby in his car seat sleeping so I wouldn't have to wake him.
Favorite place to get pizza! And the reason behind this due to a very special someone at this store. He's caring, funny, smart, and not to mention very VERY hot. Don't get me wrong the pizza is hot and fine but so is this manager.
1\/5 for service. I've been here several times, I consider myself a regular. It was a busy night so my friend and I waited about 25 mins for a table. Once we were seated we waited another 10 minuets before we were asked what we wanted to drink. The food came out decently fast but our waitress forgot to oil our grill in order for us to cook our food. Also we didn't receive our water until we asked l\n\n4\/5 for food: This visit we ordered a combo meat plate with chadol, Kalbi, and bougoulgi. We also ordered soon soup with beef and green onion salad "\n\nFood is always good. Their meats are good prices for the amount you get. Although their soups are a little bland. Their salad is good, and their sushi is good as well. I come here for the food, I wish their service was better I would come more often.
My girlfriend and I both love coming here. It has a horror theme and plays metal music\/alternative. If you identified with any of the music grouos in highschool (scene\/hardcore\/metal kids etc) you'll love it here. Tanya is a great bartender, drinks are reasonably priced and have unique horror - themed names! Pool table and dart board if you're into that as well as DJ Syn on Wednesdays and Fridays (or one of the weekend days).
When I first came here the pool was heated year round and open 24 hours. Now they don't heat it at all and it closes at like 10 or something.  Lame.
Cheyenne is very artistic. I rarely know what design I want & I always leave excited about my nails! The gel pedis are fabulous... Don't forget to add paraffin to your pedi. Highly recommend Cheyenne
Phone number is no longer connected to this business.
I'll go into this review in more detail when I return home but this is absolutely the WORST of their franchise I have ever encountered! Couldn't even redeem my free birthday drink, their computer wouldn't use my good card to register my credit and $1 for a cup of ice. Bill in total $7 for a venti frapp and $7 of pastries. Just irritating more than anything since we expect a universal standard of quality and service when we revisit such vendors.  A fellow customer and I bantered in agreement when he just asked for a cup of ice water as well.
I will never renew here again. The new management and ownership is an absolute nightmare. None of the amenities are as posted. Laundry facilities are constantly broken. Security is nowhere to be found. Bedrooms are half finished, floors are constantly chipping and holes leading to the outside can be seen everywhere. Things are constantly requiring maintenance. Not to mention, the one woman who worked here who actually cared about the residents, Kathy, was let go. Kathy was always there to help out residents and did the best she could. I enjoyed this place at first but now I wouldn't even live here if it was free. RUN, not walk away. Bringing back Kathy is the only thing that could save this place for me.
The service was amazing.  My server was very sweet and real , I would def recommend my friends and family to come here for breakfast. The atmosphere is chilled and relaxed and their food is absolutely amazing. No complaints on my end.
I usually stay at Hampton Inns but thought I would give Doubletree a try since its in the Hilton Family. Myth busted. The Hilton name means nothing!  I was extremely disappointed. \n\nBesides the fact that the layout is terribly inconvenient getting from the lobby to the rooms, there is a very musty, mildewy odor that is hard to get over. I heard it used to be a Wyndam Garden Hotel, but I looked it up on Google Earth and I am pretty sure it was a La Quinta Inn at one time. I suppose if they charged La Quinta prices, I might expect the bad experience I had, but I left $230 poorer for two nights stay, and was expected to pay $9.95 if I wanted to use the Internet. Are you serious? Even that is complimentary at Hampton Inn. At least I got a $25 gas card to ease the blow. \n\nUpon arrival, "Mr. Bubbles" greeted me in monotone, processed my credit card, and said "here are your cookies and your gas card." That was awkward - it was as if I had asked for or even knew I was getting the cookies. Just "here's your cookies" Not - we see you've traveled a long way - here are some warm cookies to brighten your day. So, I try to remain positive, I think, maybe its me, maybe I'm just tired....I go to my room. \n\nI enter the 2nd floor hallway and notice a blood stain, a large blood stain on the carpet in the hall just before I get to the room that completely weirded me out. I stayed in room 218. The room appears to be well-appointed but upon further inspection I notice the back of the flat painted hollow-core bathroom door was filthy, and the wallpapered light switch cover was equally filthy. Yuck! I was so grossed out! The caulking around the tub looked like a 6 year old did it. \n\nAfter close inspection, I crawl in bed. The bed was the most ridiculously uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in, unless you count the pull out couch I stayed on once as a kid. I locate the remote and discover that there is no Food Network or HGTV or any of the other basic cable channels you might expect...are you serious! \n\nThere is so much hallway noise in this property, its just retarded; the kids running up and down the halls could be remedied if there was security present. This is not the hotels fault but there were people talking in the hallway at all hours like they live in a barn. There are huge gaps under the doors - maybe when they tore out the old 1972 shag carpet, it left a space and they never did anything about it. Hey, Doubletree, here's a clue: replace the doors with ones that fit for the sake of your guests. \n\nIMPORTANT TIP: The first night I forgot to set the thermostat fan to ON and heard planes coming in till all hours. Three thirty in the morning, I'm screaming BE QUIET!!! as my neighbors on the second floor apparently leaving to catch early flights forget some people are still sleeping. I recommend you DO NOT choose this hotel unless your only other choice is sleeping on the streets of Charlotte. If you do stay here, set the fan to the permanently ON position and leave your TV on low volume for white noise. \n\nAdding insult to injury, I woke up the first morning with a bite mark in my right forehead hairline -- do not have a clue what THEE HECK that was all about. My skin crawls to think about it. I still havent ruled out that I have hitchhikers.\n\nAs I was leaving, I encountered several of the housekeeping staff cluttering the walkway near the elevators. They stared and commented to each other that "everybody is trying to get outta here" I said good morning, and they replied and stared as my daughter and I struggled with our belongings. Not one staff person ever offered a hand. I passed my "parting thoughts" survey across the counter to the man at the front desk - and told him he was the first person to have smiled since I checked in two days ago. He said "oh no" and I said "oh yes" and out the door we went. \n\nI come to Charlotte about once a month, but I will never stay there again! BEWARE!!!! Doubletree Charlotte Airport is DoubleGross! Zero stars!
I've never been to a froyo place with better prices. I've also never seen people get so much frozen yogurt at once! Maybe it was just me but everyone filled their cups until their cups could hold no more. This one dude had to get a second cup to specifically hold his toppings... However, I can't blame him. It was scorching hot outside. The yogurt was thick and didn't melt while waiting in line to pay. I came three times within a couple of days and each time it was jam-packed.
In terms of hibachi restaurant experiences, Kanji is on the top of my list. The large open space has 4 hibachi grills with open seating around them. Yes, you might sit next to a stranger (gasp!), but isn't that half the fun? The staff was excellent and made our evening a joy. Dropping the sake into our sake bombs, being quick with a refill and even taking some flavored sake shots with us. Speaking of, you should def imbibe in a few of those shots. They are delicious and relatively low in potency. \n\nThe food was excellent as well. The steak was cooked perfectly to order and stayed tender (I always find that food cooked on a hibachi grill it hardens up rather quickly), scallops were large, beef tataki was tatasty and the fried rice and accompanying sauces were great accompaniments to the meat. I've had quite a few hibachi chef's who come in, do their routine and then walk off like nothing happened. That wasn't the case here. Our dude, was crackin' jokes, talking to us, making some new rice art (Sponge Bob!) and an all around good dude. \n \nGrab a group of friends and head on over here! (Just make sure you go low sodium for a few days after). \n\nProtip: free sake bomb with Yelp check-in!
Literally left there in tears after the way they treated me. Tammy is horribly rude. Although I know many nail salons experience oriental speaking between the workers. Tammy used it to talk trash about me to the one doing my nails after I requested he needed to redo them because he used too much coating that it would not dry after waiting an hour for them to. Between her and the other employer Gene they were very rude and made me feel like I had to keep the nails the way they were or pay another 45 dollars to redo them since according to him he already did his job. Finally after all the crying and their rude behavior I asked to speak to the main boss. He came out and help me out very fast and politely with no hesitation. He also apologized for the other two specially because he knew I was a frequent customer. All in all, I never thought I'll be writing a bad review for them after so many good visits but when you make a customer cry, you need to ask yourself what you did wrong. I will not be going back.
Ordered take out ribs & wings. Hubby said ribs were tender and tasty. I had wings and have to say I only got 1 "wing" out of 15 the rest were drums, I've never had an order of wings like that... Just sayin' Geppettos.
The food is decent but the price is way too much for what it is...Avoid Jacquelin if at all possible...she isn't pleased to be working there and seems to think that a fast food worker is a lot better than the average person in shorts and a t-shirt...
Great, upbeat atmosphere and STELLAR BBQ. This is a must go-to for Awatukee and surrounding areas. We only did the ribs (perfect seasoning, no sauce needed!), pulled pork and brisket. All had a perfect smoke ring, seasoning, moist, tender and a great sauce on the side. A++++
Subpar food. Maybe it was the day but both myself and partner felt our food tasted old and fatty. Nice service but wouldn't go back.
Nice hidden Subway, great service, quality food, although gas station is quite dirty. I enjoy coming here for a snack after a long day
MEAT MEAT MEAT TASTY MEAT\n\nRestaurant proposant toutes les formes populaires du US BBQ, du Texas, à la Caroline du Sud en passant par le Missouri ... les portions sont plus que correctes, c'est généreux, c'est pour la plupart des cuissons à basse température pendant une demi-journée voir plus, génial !\n\nEn repas du midi, vous aurez le droit à des petits prix pour un plat énorme, les côtes St Louis, assez généreuses même en "demi-portion", je n'ose imaginer la portion "normale" avec un slide et une boisson, le tout pour 16 dollars, c'est donné.\n\nSi les côtes St Louis sont très bonnes (surtout grâce à la sauce dans laquelle ils ont été marinées), j'ai un peu moins été emballé par le Brisket (plat star du Texas) car j'en ai déjà mangé du meilleur et surtout plus fin, mais il restait bon et la croûte sel&poivre plutôt bien réussie. Coté slides, les frites sont correctes et servies en quantité, le coleslaw est aussi bon, et le mac&cheese fumé plutôt pas mal.\n\nRUBS est au final un genre de disneyland pour amoureux du BBQ, avec la décoration très far west et très clean, les grands écrans qui passent des clips et des spots RUBS à reste sympa tout comme le service !\n\nPetit plus : la petite odeur de fumé quand on rentre dans le restaurant, dû au fumoir !\n\nSinon, j'en rêve, mais je n'ai pas pu le tester, faute de place dans l'estomac : le poulet frit servi sur gaufre de Georgie ... une prochaine foiiiiis ?
Delicious food and super friendly staff. Since I am not familiar with this type of food, the server took her time to explain to me some of the items on the menu.\n\nI ordered the chicken manchurian combo. It came with momo(Loooved it!!), steamed bun, rice, salad and soup(I chose seeet corn -- it was ok). The chicken was flavourful, very spicy(I wanted really spicy).\n\nDefinitely coming back for more momo!!!
I ordered the corned beef hash and eggs... In all of my travels I've never had cubed beef that was not salted or corned in anyway. I decided to give it a try even though it did not look right. After a few bites I realize that it did not taste right either because the reason people order corn beef is because of the salted factor. This was bland. It definitely wasn't any type of corned beef hash by any description known to mankind anywhere on the planet. I gave it back to my waitress and explain to her very politely that I can't eat this, she took it...  as expected the manager came over. When he came over he explained that because I tried it. The only thing he can do is give me another one. That was clearly unsatisfactory to me. I felt that a substitute was in order. The manager refused. I wish I could give less than a 1 star.
This Is My All Time Favorite Sushi Bar In Las Vegas Hands Down. I Come Here About 3x A Week, The Sushi Is Always Excellent, The Employees Are Always Nice And Rush To My Needs. It's Always Laid Back And Never Too Busy. Rocky And Su Are My Favorite Sushi Makers And They Are The  Nicest Gentlemen You Will Ever Meet
Soo, the other day I locked my keys in my car. This is the only set of keys that I have and I couldn't afford to break a window or call a lock smith. I'm stuck. So I called Danny's Car wash to see what tools the use to get into the car in the case that they accidentally lock keys in a car. \nI was put on the phone with one of the Managers and he told me what it was called and asked me how far away do I live. So I told him my cross streets. It's about 3 to 4 miles from there. \nHe said "if you meet me on the cross-streets you provided we'll come save the day"\nThis made my day. Sure enough I met him on the cross streets, and took them to where my car was and within 10 min he had my doors open. Thanks for going above and beyond BARNEY and ADAM! I appreciate that. I will be in for my oil change in about two weeks! \nThis may not have much to do with car washes itself, but you see the type of people that work there. Fantastic job. \n\nThank you!
DO NOT USE any of the offices of this practice. They are unprofessional, disorganized and uninformed. They do not check with your insurance company to find out your portion. They just collect money before you can have a procedure done and then when you try to get your money back they won't do it. We have been trying for 6 months to get back almost $300. They claim they are mailing us refund checks that we never receive and when we do finally receive a check and deposit it they had put a stop payment on the check. So here we are again starting over trying to get our money back. The pain management services that they did provide were done at Mountain Vista Surgery Center that has the same practices. They owe us hundreds of dollars back too. And nothing they did helped with the pain at all. Any provider would be better than these people.
If there was a list of "best kept secrets in Phoenix," Himes Leasing and Sales would, without question, be on that list.  I have gone to Himes Leasing and Sales for every car purchase\/lease over the past 20 years for everything from a used Honda to a brand new Mercedes.  Tom is such a pleasure to work with.  He listens to what you are wanting, gives great advice and his knowledge of the field is incredible.  Not having to deal with the hassle and overhead of big dealerships is what makes this one of the best kept secrets.  I work at one of the big law firms in the city and my colleagues would echo my praise of this outstanding company.  Thank you, Tom, for the wonderful service you provide.
I visited the Roxburghe Hotel as part of a Hen Weekend. The bride wasn't a party animal and decided to invite some of her close friends for a spa day and night's stay at the hotel, courtesy of her hubby to be (who just happens to be minted-lucky sod)\n\nI arrived a little late as I was working then commuting from Glasgow, and found it difficult to find the place as it just kind of blends in with the surroundings. Finally I found it, and once inside realised that this place did not blend in at all! The surroundings were opulent and luxurious, and the beauty rooms were relaxing and ambient, with soft music playing and candles lit, totally taking you away from the hustle and bustle of the City Centre! I had the skin consultation and back and shoulder massage, which was simply divine! The package had also included lunch and dinner in the restaurant but I didn't partake in any of that, although I can highly recommend it all from what the Bride to be was telling me! She raved about it for weeks.\n\nI have since noticed that the Spa break was £125 per person, including bed and breakfast, lunch, dinner, two treatments and the consultation and use of the facilities including gym and pool. It sounds a lot but it's actually brilliant value for money, especially in this grand hotel.
I have only been to this place for breakfast and let me tell you its wonderful best breakfast ever that is if your on the run and in a hurry would not mine returning and trying the rest of the menu.
The home I purchased had a built in grill\/island - very nice Fire Magic grill - that didn't work. 15 years old. Really bad shape. Pack rat called it home and had chewed thru the igniter wires as well as depositing all sorts of "treasures". It had rusted burners, corroded disperser plates and CRUDDY grates as well as weathered exterior.  To replace would have been $3000+ for a newer, poorly made replacement. I called Ed and the estimate he gave was very reasonable - essentially a total rebuild.\nWhen the guys brought it back after a week in the shop, it looked brand new !!  There was a little glitch in the lighting mechanism from some evidently previous work before I got it but Ed persevered and now it works AND looks like brand new.
The food is good and the price is decent. I wasn't too hungry so I ordered myself a strawberry margarita and a plate of the habanero hot wings ($8) because I was curious about the dry rub.\n\nThe hot wings were hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm a fan of hot hot wings so I was satisfied, but no one else at the table wanted to touch them. If you've ever ordered atomic hot wings from Wing Stop, they're not quite as spicy but they definitely compare. But enough about hot wings from a Mexican restaurant...\n\nThe margarita was really good. Wish I had one right now... I had bites of chicken nachos, a carne asada plate, and beef fajitas--delicious as well. The fresh guacamole is great, too, although I heard complaints about the endless chips being too salty.\n\nI don't know if I would come back to Yolos since there are so many other places to try in Vegas, but I would recommend it to a first-timer looking for fairly-priced Mexican food on the strip.
Cheap prices for fresh produce and meats.  Everything is very fresh, and you can get bulk spices, grains, and snacks.  I'm a fan of their double ad Wednesdays where the sales for both last week and the current week apply.  They have a good selection of beers and even have various flavors of lambic.  This is a more specialized store, focusing more on smaller brands that are typically higher quality, so you won't find your usual brand name items such as Coke or Yoplait.
This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The Chilean sea bass 10\/10 is the most scrumptious skewer of tender fish and it literally will melt in your mouth. \n\nThe Peruvian bay scallops garlic style (not on the menu ask for this!!!) are also not to be missed.\n\nExcellent sake selection, and they will also reheat your bottle for you if it gets lukewarm.\n\nThe Yamato roll 10\/10. Served with foie gras - I just wish there were more than 3 dang guess I gotta order seconds.
I recently got my ear lobes (yes, just the lobes. Yes, I realize most girls go through this when they are 6.) pierced at Halo and had  wonderful experience! \n\nI was extremely impressed with how clean and sterile the environment was, especially since I always thought it used to be pretty dingy looking from the outside (before Frances and Smeeks came around there!). The staff obviously knows their business very well, which made me feel comfortable.  My piercer was the fierce Ana who has a habit of talking to you while piercing to keep you at ease.  And as someone who is afraid of needles, I appreciated her NOT doing that annoying "1...2..3...here we go!" kind of thing. \n\nI was a bit shocked at the price ($90 for both lobes - how much would this have cost me at Clair's?!).  But, when you consider that they used some insane, high grade of medical steel for the earrings and the overall professionalism of the experience, I would say it was worth it. \n\nI went back 2 months later when my holes were healed up and had Ana remove the earrings she had put in there (they are tricky for a beginner!), which was done free of charge. \n\nIf I ever get another piercing it will certainly be at Halo!
HIRE NEW SECURITY! Light skinned guy (who I'm not even sure was sober enough to be security) was a little in his feelings and I guess had a bad night,  decided to be rude for not reason to our party. Mind you,  I was with a group of super bowl champions, and  this guy left a terrible taste in all of our mouths . He was a complete Clown. EVEN THE POLICE TOLD ME TO CALL AND COMPLAIN. .
Great food! Awesome historic house turned restaurant! My vegan daughter took us here for a wonderful lunch including their fantastic coffee! We all split their cookie (like an Oreo) for dessert. The staff was knowledgeable about the food and the menu offered a huge variety. Don't miss the tacos!! They were amazing. We will be back!
I asked my Uber drive to take me to somewhere that was open and we ended up here. It was bad however  I have had better. I had a burger and it was cooked perfect;y. Most reviews say you need to have breakfast which I didn't. The portions are a lot and it was not expensive. Service wasn't the greatest however I was by myself so maybe there was no need to constantly check.
I really enjoy their selection, however when looking at seriously spending money, the sales guy was very pushy on getting you to buy something. Most likely cause they work on commision which I understand. However I felt like they would tell me anything to get a sale. Like I said great stuff and selection, just didn't like pushy sales staff. felt more like a car dealer than a music shop. bit of a turn off for me.
I went to Celebrity Tanning after buying a Living Social deal for two Spray Tans. I walked in the front desk brunette ask what color I wanted (Light, Medium or Dark) I said Dark and she said that will be $7 dollars... Me: OK why? She tells me the deal is for Light and the Medium is $5 and the Dark is $7... can anyone tell me why that makes since? I would have walked out but it was my birthday THAT DAY so I needed the tan for my party :). She continued to go over EVERY other option with more upgrades and I declined. SO I paid my $7.91 and went in the room. She explained how to use the booth and left. I got undressed and what do you know... the lotion was almost completely gone. I got out what i could but it left my feet and palms completely orange when it was all done. THANKS!\nI got home and looked at my Living Social deal and NO WHERE on the deal does it say they charge you for Medium of Dark tan. I called Living Social and still a week later they are trying to get Celebrity Tanning to work something out with them. \nI have another tan to use but I would never go back to this company again.. I will stick to Dolce.
I was there for Father's Day lunch with my family.  Good food and location are great.  Service continues to be an issue.  Slow never clears dirty plates until they want to get paid.  Lots of young help standing around and talking or checking their cell phones.  I asked for a second beer and the original beer I ordered the keg kicked.  The second beer I ordered the keg kicked.  Then when I ordered bottled beer I did not get until I was done with my meal.
Just spent 4 days at Bally's and ate here twice.  Great food, the spicy dumplings on the menu are amazing.  Great noodles.  Service was fast and efficient. Was open late, which made it a great place to get a late night bite after losing at cards.  I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
So you're craving some ramen from Monta but don't feel like driving all the way to Chinatown or waiting a long time just to get in. Well good news Monta fans. They opened up another location and the wait isn't as crazy as the original location.\n\nThe location seems far especially if you're not in the area but really for the long waiting time at the original location you could still drive to this location, eat, and leave in less time, actually I did that once even stopped by the original location before I was told the wait was over an hour.\n\nThe menu are made up of a variety of ramen and non-ramen items. I haven't had any of their non-ramen items, cause it's a ramen place. For the ramen you start with one of 4 base ramen selections (tonkotsu, shoyu, tonkotsu shoyu, and miso) and then add extra items to it if you wanted (extra pork, egg, nori, corn, etc.) for an extra charge. The base ramen selections aren't priced to bad but adding more extras really does add up. Plus they have a $10 minimum for credit card so you might have to added extra items. I thought the shoyu and tonkotsu shoyu are very salt to my liking and so I don't ever order them anymore but the tonkotsu and miso with a lot of extra items added :) They even have a spicy tonkotsu and another ramen that is shown off the regular menu. Some might say taste are different from here and the original location but to me they taste about the same to me, even might like it here more.\n\nJust in case you were wondering, here, I order my tonkotsu or miso ramen with extra pork, egg, corn, and some spices and shoyu I add in myself from the table. Not bad. It's a decent substitute when I can't make it to my favorite ramen place and if I added more it would be to much for a bowl of ramen. \n\nThe interior is nice and spacious compared to the original location. The parking situation here is a lot better also. Customer service and speed, besides the initial waiting time to get seated, is about the same. \n\nI'm not a huge fan of Monta in general but I'll enjoy a bowl here now and then. A lot of people love Monta and say they're the best. I don't know about that. They're good but enough for a 3.5 from me.
The food is absolutely fantastic!!!\nMy bf and I went back within 24 hours!!!\nThe uber burger and the euro burger are soooo yummy!!!\n\nI highly recommend medium cooked!\n\nThe garlic Parmesan fries were fresh and perfectly garnished.\n\n\nHowever, as for the service... It was not up to standards Gordon Ramsey would approve of!!!\n\n\nThe first time we went within that 24 hours, we got a host that sneezed into his arm, didn't check if we needed any refills.\n\nThe second time my bf and I said, "Let's give the place another try since the food was outstanding."\n\nWe understand that when a restaurant is full not all waiters can provide as much customer service. In fact, I loved how our waiter gave us an orange covered iPad to look over drinks and so forth.\n\nWhat we didn't expect was the tablet didn't work well. This was something my bf and I wrote off since electronics can glitch.\n\n\nHowever, when our waiter takes our order and doesn't even listen to our requests for drinks... Well you're not going to get a good tip.\n\nThe manager came to our table and was super nice. I wasn't going to make a fuss since I was already annoyed, but when the manager asked us how we were doing and if we're enjoying ourselves, we were very honest and told him that the food is fantastic and the chefs are very talented.\n\nHowever, we also told the manager that our waiter was busy talking with 4 other waiters where they place orders and are in clear view of the public. It's one thing if the waiters are busy and need assistance with a tablet to cover more ground for orders, but it's another when the waiter hangs out and doesn't bring us our drinks. \n\nI just wanted sugar for my ice tea and my bf wanted a whisky sour. \n\nThe waiter kept ignoring us numerous times!!!\n\nI was actually surprised that the manager after checking in with us (who by the way was super nice), didn't offer a free drink or something for being so neglected by a waiter.\n\nIn essence, food was great and we'll be going back for more burgers, but we now know not to expect good customer service since the two times we went, were the two times the service sucked!!!\n\nI 100% know Gordon Ramsey would have ripped the waiter a new one if he knew how negative the reviews continue to be for the customer service realm. Food-wise GR would be proud as he should be!!!
My experience with BMW of Henderson was nothing short of amazing! So professional and for communicative when it comes to any questions or concerns you may have. I was sent their direction through USAA and found EXACTLY what I was looking for at such a great price! I used the online quote system where I was contacted by Justin who then had me taken care of. Justin and Brian were able to have me in and out with the car I wanted in two days. Thank you Justin, Brian B. and BMW of Henderson for your service and professionalism. \n\nI recommend BMW of Henderson for everyone!
Sometimes writing is therapeutic in ending a relationship.  Spoken aloud, the name puts a grimace on my face, as once spoken with great joy now evokes deep regret.  For the last 4 months I've had permutations of this conversation with my wife:\n\n"Hmmm I don't really feel like cooking." Me\n"Well we could order delivery." Wife.  Face begins to morph into the Why-do-I-put-up-with-you-face.\n"We could.  Orrrrrrrrrrrrr we could... wok in!  Ahahahahaha." Me\n"Why did I marry you." Wife.\n"Well if you need to, you can always wok out!  Ahahahahaha." Me\nTHE GLARE. Wife.\n\nWith heart afloat with punny happiness, I approached this Chinese restaurant called Wok In.  Situated prominently on the corner of Sossaman and Main, a tinge of trepidation shook me as I noted that their signage had only a single letter working.  Eating at O isn't as fun as Wok In, but I figured the food should be what concerns me.  Walking up some steps that they kindly warn you about, I enter and the restaurant feels spacious, probably can seat 120-ish.  Pretty worn decor but no points off for that.  Momentary confusion as they have a order counter, but also full service seating.  Nice server with very cheerful disposition seats and takes drink order which is iced tea, which arrives very promptly.  I decide to try their egg drop soup, goi cuon, and bun cha gio thit nuong.  I don't quite remember, but I want to say everything was $2 except the bun, which was around $7.\n\nAfter ordering the server asks me if I'm Vietnamese.  Sure am!  Clouds pass over the previously unrelenting sunny disposition as she swiftly departs to place my order.  Surprised, I take another look around my surroundings, and note the absence of any of my people.  Knowing many caucasians with excellent taste in asian cuisine, I shrug off the demographics and tell myself everything will be okay.  \n\nEgg drop soup arrives very promptly.  Its tolerable.  Less eggy than most but with lots of carrot, corn, some cabbage, flavor is a bit weak but veggies redeem it slightly.  \n\nGoi Cuon much more disappointing.  Stuffed with a lot of lettuce, bean sprout, and 3 shrimp between the 2 rolls. No pork. The sauce was pure bottled hoisin with some sprinkled peanuts on top.\n\nThen my favorite cool noodle dish, Bun Cha Gio Thit Nuong.  Normally this is a bright, herbaceous dish with slippery rice noodles, lots of herbs\/veggies, and savory pork slices grilled + egg rolls.  The cha gio (fried egg roll) were really tasty, and grilled beef was nice enough, but the fish sauce was very watery, and lettuce was probably 30% of the volume of this dish.  Some good bits to this dish but overall unbalanced and depressing with the weak nuoc mam.\n\nWell.  Time to walk up and pay for my food.  Server timidly asks if I liked the food.  She gets an unconvincing yea it was fine.  She can tell and quietly says goodbye.  I say good bye as well.  Good bye to the server, good bye to a fun pun that I can't use anymore as its just depressing to think of, good bye to a Chinese restaurant with Vietnamese owners who make bad Viet food, good bye to it all... I wok out.
Customer service here is the absolute worst! Management seriously needs to get some people with some personality and regard for customers who are patronizing. Smoothies are almost always inconsistent. Let's not even begin to talk about the sandwiches. They have no care in the world how your food comes out. Lettuce is ALWAYS old, bread is always cut wrong and put on the sandwich backwards. I believe if they were to be a customer in their own establishment, they would be just as irritated and upset as patrons. Worst possible location to visit. I'll happily drive 15 minutes pass this location (which is near my home) for better customer service and beverages.
This is one of those airports where even if it's your first time in Vegas, you'll know it's Vegas from the moment you set foot in the airport. Slot machines galore at the gates, and flashy ads on big screens at the baggage claim. Yessir, you're in Vegas.\n\nIt's just such a loooong walk to get to the baggage claim and going to your gate. Plan ahead for extra time, especially during peak hours.
Verizon is frustratingly slow and terribly expensive!  Welcome to near monopoly status.   To top it off must navigate past striking workers.  Get the picture:  knowledgeable, efficient employees get sympathy can get sympathy in a strike.  Far from the case here!  Don't think this is a well managed company either!  Why can't Verizon cell and FIOs talk?  Like to get just one bill.  Adding to this review, the fact that I have to use the working Internet across the street to post this addendum should fortify the reason for my score.  Perhaps Yelp should really think about allowing 0 star scores.
Was happy with Dr. Gulzeth when she examined my cat.  The wait time was minimal.  I would be bringing my cat back to this facility but I'll be moving out of the area soon.  I would recommend this veterinarian to someone else.
Oh M G try the Drunken Goat. You won't miss that there isn't any traditional protein. It's so flavorful. The bread is amazing. Husband had the Steak Sandwich and it was great too. Highly recommend. Was impressed by the wait staff and manager. Customer experience is as important to them as the food. Wonderful ambiance too!
BERRRRRRRY SALADDDDDD~!!! hehe follow Claire on Instagram ;) \n\nWent with a few Yelpers on a Friday night with comped tickets thanks to Mary Rose ;]]] \nMy man and I were running a few minutes late but we still stopped for drinks at the showroom bar ($20 for a beer and an extra strong crown & diet) and the ushers weren't rude about it at all and showed us to our table .. I would say a pro about this show is that there really aren't any bad seats in the house since the theatre is not too large.. I thought it was really cute how the show is set up to follow the months of the calendar.. I enjoyed the live band and all of the dancers were very talented as well as the lead singer, who stopped to play with my hair in one of the acts LOLOL.. My favorite acts included the one on the stripper pole and the one with the swing dancers.. The show didn't show as much skin as I thought it was going to but it's still very sexy.. Apparently Claire even gave us Yelpers an extra special something by flashing us with some pasties:    \nhttp:\/\/www.lasvegassun.com\/blogs\/kats-report\/2013\/jun\/25\/its-girls-night-out----least-one-show----claire-si\/#axzz2YURbJRoY\n\nI would compare this show to Peepshow at PH.. main difference being that it's not as risqué.. I was hoping Claire had more scenes in the show but that's to be expected I guess.. \n\nOver-all I thought the show was very cute and it even has me wanting to dress up like a pin up gal~ \n\n\nHOT TIP: Although I enjoyed the show.. I'm not too sure I would pay $50+ for it so use a company like Tix 4 Tonight to get discounted tickets ~!!!
Go online and check out their weekly specials such as $15 lobster tail nights on Tuesday and dozen mussels for $2 on Sundays.  I love the food here, really a great place right outside downtown Cleveland.  The broth from the mussels was delicious, I could fill up on the soaked bread alone.  Sundays order of mussels are only a dozen but if you order it off the menu for $9.50 you get a shi* ton of them.\n\nNice big bar with seating EVERYWHERE!  Service is top notch, beer is cold, wine options vary in a good way, and the drink I had was good and stiff.  This place falls right in line with the kind of bars \/ restaurants I love going to and am just as excited to hear about others visit to Don's.  Bring the family there or pony up to the bar, good times will be had by all!!
This place is friggin AMAZING!!!!!! I've been back a few times over the past few weeks cuz everything on their menu is super fire!! The spice rubbed steak & chilaquiles is by far my favorite. Get the pot of bread w\/ that (and ask for a side of the cream cheese sauce if you're feelin kinky)! #cinnabunstatus!! The vibe in the restaurant is pretty dope too. The servers rock their jammie's & are super friendly. If ya got a hankering for some killer steak & eggs, this is a no brainer!!
This place is absolutely HORRIBLE! We purchased this deal on Groupon and made a reservation for 4, got there and waited at least 5 mins to be acknowledged. As soon as the hostess brought us to our table, there were only 3 other parties in there. Not busy at all. The ambiance was blah, I felt like I was in a Denny's and not a nice Brazilian Steakhouse. There salad bar isn't the best of quality, quite frankly I think they purchase the items from the deli @ the grocery store and put it out, not much effort in it. The fruit salad at the end of the bar is canned fruit, the meats were cold, dry and flavorless. Wait let me take that back, majority of my meats tasted like metal, possibly from the skewers. My boyfriend ordered an Ice Tea and that tasted like poison, we had to share 2 huge tongs among 4 people and when the guy with the meat came to our table he never walked around the table to each party, I was always reaching over or having someone else reach across to get the food to me. The grilled pineapple was WAY OVER COOKED along with the meats. Service wasn't that great, there was a long waiting time in between the meats and we decided to end our meal as soon as we were done with the bottle of wine and as we were walking out the host had the audacity to bring us a bill charging us tax and a mandatory gratuity of 18% for a party of 4. Let me remind you, this was purchased through Groupon. The deal was dinner for 4 and a bottle of wine for $132. NOWHERE in the fine print on groupon did it state that we would get hit with taxes and a mandatory gratuity. The lady never mentioned any of this at the beginning and we didn't see anything posted about that until we were walking out and she stopped us by the bar with the bill. At that time is when she pointed out the mandatory gratuity on a sign at the back of the bar. I don't think I would've even left 15% of a tip after that experience.\n\nI have never had to pay taxes on a meal that was set in stone like that. I have paid taxes if the deal was something like $10 for $20 worth of food and we went over. Only then have I had to come out of pocket. If you are looking for a nice atmosphere, great service and meats that are bursting with flavor among flavor and tender, juicy meats, you should check out Via Brasil. That is definitely our go to and will continue to be our go to when we are craving a Brazilian Steakhouse. Absolutely love that place.
Terrible, keep walking.\nOrdered the bunless fish burger and received a burnt fish stick, reminiscent of a captain highliner product, on warm rusty lettuce with tartar sauce as a "dressing"\nOnion rings were onion strings, clearly reheated in a microwave. On of my kids ordered Mac and cheese which was at best soupy. All for a ridiculous price.\nLooks like a great place to work. Staff blasting music and enjoying socializing, ignoring customers.\nKeep walking, you'll find something better and cheaper.
Had a great experience with everyone at Granite Dude. From the initial phone call where Jill explained the process to meeting with Josh to pick out our granite and sink to the day of installation -- everything was clear, the process was easy and they did exactly what they said they would. \n\nWe love our kitchen counter. The installation team was fast and efficient, and their recommendation to run the granite up behind the faucet into the window sill was a good one. We're super thrilled. \n\nThese guys are great. If you like quality work and a smooth experience, Granite Dude is the way to go. Very happy and would definitely use them again.
I just moved here from FL!  Not knowing where to go I tried many salons...everyone did a terrible job.  I went to Blis Salon; Jerry did my Color and Cut.  He did an amazing job!  I don't need to look any further because Jerry is the only one I will let touch my hair anymore.  He takes pride in his work...which means you walk away looking great!
Whatever you do... Don't book through a 3rd party entity AND have a death in the family and have to cancel. The cancelation policy given to me at booking and the hotel cancellation policy don't seem to match up so I am being charged a $200+ cancelation fee and not being refunded. Cancelled 2 days prior to my reservation.  I would have assumed some kind of understanding might be extended. Guess not.
The Compass is a beacon of warmth and good food on a cold Edinburgh night. We wandered in accidentally, when sheltering from a biting wind. Both hungry, we settled to eat. Large sturdy wooden tables greeted us. A fire was glowing. Friendly staff smiled and effortlessly glided in and out of view at all the right times. We were well on our way to one of the most enjoyable experiences of the trip. This is simply a lovely place to be. It serves fresh, tasty, well-prepared, thoughtful food. Go - be impressed by the price and the quality. It's a joy.
Great service and amazing food! Along with a ton of American Craft beers to choose from... what can be better? If you haven't been here, you need to check it out! Try the truffle fries, tenders, and dates as an appetizer! Thank me later :)
SCAM! SCAM! SCAM! DO NOT RENT FROM HERE!\nIf you do decide to rent from them make sure to ask about all the extra charges added to your total paperwork before signing or initialing anything. They charged me for insurance even when I specifically ask not to insure me over and over because I have full coverage. \n\nIn the end, after pleading my case with the manager, they were nice enough to split the insurance cost. The extra charges run you 3x more than the car rental charges. So a $55 total car rental comes out over $200 with all the added charges. Total rip! Right! They will nickel and dime you for everything. This was the first and last time I will use Payless car rental. The only thing I was not charged for and would have gladly paid double for would have been the lube.\n(One star because I have to post this)
Finally I am satisfied with Mexican food in the burgh since this place was brought to my attention via yelp. Thanks a lot!\n\nI came here around lunch time on a Wednesday and was happy to see a few people already enjoying their meals in the small dining room. I went a little overboard on ordering because their was so much to choose from and I had high hopes for this place. We order among two people; 2 fish tacos, 1 chicken taco, 1 Tostada, and the California Burrito and horchata. This was a ton of food holy cow and all for under $19. The California Burrito was so good that I devoured it so fast that I almost forgot to check what was in it. I did figure that there was grilled and cubed steak (possibly flank as it was lean), fries, a small amount of standard veggies, guacamole. But it so hit the spot and filled me up with that alone. The Tacos were also really tasty bites, they were pretty standard tacos with a soft corn tortilla shell filled with fresh salsa lettuce, tomato and your choice of Guacamole or sour cream, as well as your choice of Meat in my case order chicken and fish. Cooked perfectly. \n\nI recommend trying the horchata, if your not familiar it is sort of like a rice water based beverage. For $2 you get a huge glass of it and was very refreshing on a blustery cold afternoon. The dude at the counter was very patient with me as I did ask a number of questions about the menu because there was some stuff on there that I had never seen or heard of. The place did definitely remind me of the many taco stands that I have experienced in the Southwest, and Tijuana and Baja. Just a heck of a lot cleaner. \n\nThis place has ample parking and great prices, I sure hope this place lasts, I could have lunch here everyday. If you like tacos and burritos, you have to go check this joint out.
Possibly my favorite of all the NJC locations - which I'm starting to lose count of!! :) I've been a huge fan of their coffee and concept since the first location, and with each one they only get better. Popped in to the NJC Dilworth location a few days ago on a cold evening with the family, and before my cappuccino even made it's way to me, I had a long mental list of everything i loved about this spot. Let's start with the pristine decor - so fresh, so orderly. Perfect lighting & music. Baristas - super friendly. Food - ahhh, so good!! The cheese toast was delicious, as was the scone.. which I understand is made fresh at the location. My cappuccino was delightful, as expected. I love that they also have a great selection of alcoholic beverages (and a bunch of local options on draft - lenny boy, freerange, wooden robot). Last but not the least, they have great hours! Need an awesome place to hang out and enjoy a cup of coffee (or a drink) on a Sunday evening at 7 pm - this is your spot!
amazing job!! I got a gel refill...they were precise with the filing and painting. Tom did my nails,he was fantastic ...my nails were perfect! definitely going back! Fair price as well!
$20 pitchers of mojitos and a menu filled with eclectic options? I'm in. Came here on a Sunday morning for an impromptu brunch with a handful of very hungry friends, and we were not disappointed! We were seated right away, which was impressive for a group our size in a crowded restaurant. We split the pimento cheese fries (definitely add bacon!) and the fried pickles, both of which were delish and exactly what we all wanted after a night out. \n\nThe staff was friendly, attentive, and super fun. Would definitely recommend it as a weekend day drinking spot with good, quick food.
Yessss ! Found a new favorite sushi place. \n\nThis sushi counter has everything I like. Simple, traditional sushis made with good quality ingredients. They don't skimp on the fish either.  They also have original offerings like a ''deconstructed sushis'' complete with rice, fish (4 kinds), spicy tempura, gourd, wakame and other salads.  The very best part is their prices.  The quality is similar and often higher then what one would get at the more trendy sushi restaurants for about half the price.\nA fancy sit down restaurant it is not. It's more of a take out place.  It's in the Wilderton shopping center, close to the Metro store. There are 4 or 5 small tables and a few seats at the counter if you want to eat there.\nThey also offer ''party platters'' for about 8-10$ per person. You can't beat that.  They are always busy but the 5 or 6 people behind the counter keep it rolling at a good pace.\nThey have been there for 6 or 7 years.  I'm sad I only learnt about their existence now.
I'm a big Vegas fan and have stayed at plenty hotels both old and new.  We decided to try the new select rooms and we are pleasantly surprised how decent they were. We had a big a group of people both old skool and kids so we thought this was a good choice hotel because of its history. We know the Stratosphere is bit of a hike from the strip but it has its pluses. You can either eat in the hotel or walk a block or 2 to several fast food chains.  There are also several convenience & liquor stores as well within a block. Everyone in our group got a high level room (19th or 24th floor) and real non smoking.  All have views of the strip, the tower & sky jump and free unlimited passes to Tower with hotel key card. Check in was breeze, got there at 11am and there were 8 people at registration working.  Plenty of parking and unlike some other big hotels, the garage is close by to the elevators. Had lunch at Top Of The World and the food was pretty darn good. Yes, this is not a $300 plus range hotel with the snooty crowd.  Its a casual hotel with a mixture of friendly old and young crowd. It is a little bit noisy because its a crowded busy hotel but we loved our stay cause we knew what to expect!  Check out some pictures of the select room and give this iconic hotel a try :)
Decided to try out this new to the hotel. Have nothing but a 5 star rating. I had the pork chop bone in stuffed with bacon, onions and cheese. Best chop I have had, well worth the price. Wife had a steak sandwich with red skin mashed, AMD son had the meatball sob all with glowing review! Wait staff and management were extremely pleasant, profesional and attentive. The cheff as well personaly came out to see how everything was.  \n\nIf your hungry after a day at carrowinds staying at the clarion or even one of the other hotels this food is excellent as well service and price. Stay away from chains give well cooked food a try.
Highly recommended, make the trip if you can! Every visit has been delicious. Pizza is simple in the best way. Staff is friendly, and even when it's busy, the atmosphere isn't overwhelming. Make sure to get your own pizza; you're gonna want to eat it all!!
Damn. I'm always jumping from nail salon to nail salon trying to find one I'd like to settle down with and I think this is it.  I came here because it was the only one in the area that was able to take me in at my requested time.  When I got there it was super packed, but I was seated promptly and was introduced to my technician.  \n\nMy gel manicure was bomb! She really took her time and made them look perfect! Two weeks later and they're very much still in tact.  I loved how she recommended a specific shape to accentuate my fingers, and even helped me choose a nice nude color.\n\nThe facility is clean, their massage chairs are nice, and they have a ton of gel colors to choose from- a bit overwhelming, but it's nice to have options.  This place is always busy, but they find ways to accommodate.  I def recommend you make an appt.\n\nSide note: they've got a loyalty program too.  It works off a point system, that converts to monies, and you can redeem towards future services!
Hands down the best breakfast on the West Side!\n\nFriendly, knowledgeable staff with good recommendations! All the food is fresh. Ive had several different items and can't even decide on a favorite, which is rare! Worth getting up moving early for (check the hours but I think they close at 1:30 most days). \n\n? Cash only (may be wrong)
your standard bar and grill just like Astors or Milestones. Nothing special.
This is one of my favorite haunts on the Strip.  Located on the Southwest Corner of the Paris Hotel\/casino, it has managed to provide four distinctly different environments at the same time.  The decor is dark, lots of wood, stained dark, and looks fairly old (it's not).  The bar area is fun, and a place to drink or have some food in a noisier setting near the entrance.  A little further back are the various dining rooms, quieter, high ceilings, not as dark.  Those rooms are pretty pleasant and safe.  A solarium room is the third environment.  The lights and sights of the Strip can be seen outside the glass, but it is still indoors, temperature controlled.  The fourth environment, and my favorite, is the veranda of outdoor tables just above the sidewalk.\n\nThe menu has a nice selection of French dishes - mussels and fries or steak and fries is always a good choice.  The French onion soup is also very good\/classic.  Service is invariably attentive, and any problems are quickly resolved.  The kitchen is very consistent.  Beef tends to come off the line a little on the rare side, our Med-to-med-rare steak came out clearly rare, but within moments was rectified.\n\nThe wine list is extensive, and the wine cart is one of the charms we enjoy.  Not being terribly conversant (as a spoiled Californian) in the French wines, our server was quick to point out a very reasonably priced excellent bordeaux.  He was right, it was excellent and much less than I would have expected to pay on the strip for a bottle of good wine ($60).\n\nThere are a hundred and fifty or more really top flight restaurants in and around the strip, but I always try to fit in one visit there when I am in town.
American Cleaning Concierge Services did a great job house sitting & pet sitting,\nwhile we were out of town for the holiday.  \nThey showed up on time and cleaned our home and made sure our 4 furry kids had water & food.  \nWe really appreciate the service they provided.\nExcellent job!\nThank you!
HyVee is a wonderful place. It is an employee owned, friendly environment. I grew up with the HyVee jingle, "where there's a friendly smile in every isle", and I can tell you, there really is!\n\nThings I love about HyVee, \n- Great selection of delicious produce and fresh meats\n- Very helpful and friendly staff who are knowledgeable. This is especially true of their liquor department.\n- The have great proprietary stuff. I actually like the HyVee brand items. \n- This location has a good organic and local selection. They try to highlight the local produce.\n- It is always clean and easy to navigate.\n\nThe only downfall I can think of is that some items (organic foods) will be slightly more expensive than somewhere like Wal-Mart or Woodman's. However, the ease of shopping, helpful smiles, and delicious food are what keep me coming back.\n\nALSO, I noticed the hours are wrong. HyVee is open 24 hours.
If I could give them 0 stars I would.\n\nThey are the worst.  I was considering taking advantage of a some expiring federal mortgage program and wanted to consider a few refinance offers.  When they said I would receive 5 offers, I thought I would receive only 5 offers.\n\nI was absolutely hounded for a week.  I cancelled the account within 24 hours and STILL I received phone calls starting at 8 am to 8 pm.  \n\nCalling them to get off the list was a hassle as well.  Lending Tree acted like I did something wrong.  'Well you expressed interest in refinancing,' -- yeah, but I didn't want to write my name and number on a greedy banker's bathroom wall!  They said that they had no control over what the companies that had my contact info did with it.\n\nI eventually got them to update my account and add my contact info to a 'do not contact list' - supposedly they were going to tell the same people they gave my number to *not* to call.  But the calls still kept coming.  It took about a month.\n\nThat was in August of 2017 and I still received a call in October!\n\nWorst company ever.  Pick five companies, get me an offer and then leave me alone.  They basically broker in your contact info and they could give a rat's testicle if you get what you need.
My 100th Review!!!\n\nMy 16 year old daughter and I went here a few weeks ago for some ribs. They were good...but nothing that would be featured on "Pit Masters". \n\nWe shared a Caesar salad to start. My daughter had the Mac & Cheese and I had the potatoes. They were both good but nothing to right home to Momma about. \n\n3 solid starz for A-OK!
If possible i would rate with NO stars\nWorst place ever . Do not go there please for the love of god stay away! Very sloppy work and got my car back with the seats all wet, glue every where, and Black scuff marks on my ivory seats and door panels. Besides that they kept me there most of the day because they kept messing up and had to redo the tint.\nConsider yourself warned.
Vegan option available which is must for me! My son had his favorite meatball sub looked gooey and he thoroughly enjoyed it!! I had toasted bread with mushrooms and vegetable sub with humous and avocado (tell them to hold the mayo and hold the cheese)  it was delicious !!
If you are fortunate enough in life, every so often you come across an individual that is so passionate and knowledgeable in his or her field that you KNOW you are in good hands. Patrick is that guy if you have any real estate needs in the Las Vegas region. \n\nWhen I met Patrick, I was not in the market for a house. Through some casual conversation, I was impressed by how much Patrick knew about the housing market. He was not your typical realtor who just wows you by telling you all the hear-say of how fast the real estate market is growing without much statistics or facts to back it up. Every statement that Patrick makes can be backed up by facts and countless hours of research he does on his free time. \n\nI was most impressed by Patrick's patience to each of his clients. Being a first time homebuyer, I had tons of questions and hesitations about buying a house. Patrick was there every step of the way to make me feel like I was making the right decision. We went from house to house week after week. He never stopped until we found the perfect fit for me. \n\nIf you are even just thinking about buying or selling a house there is not a doubt in my mind that Patrick is your guy! \n\nThanks Pat for all your help :) You are amazing!
This boutique laser clinic in Yorkville is professional, clean, warm and welcoming. I went in for a Silk Peel which was non-abrasive and is the gentlest type of peel for skin that needs maintenance. The girls were so friendly, and my therapist went through the process with me in detail as I was new to this treatment. My skin glowed and felt so supple for the next couple of days. It was definitely a treat worth the time.
Yardhouse is a great place to go during happy hour with either a big group of friends or on a date.  Eh, maybe not on a date, since the music is pretty loud in there.  The martinis are delish and strong and the variety of beer is amazing.   I just love the late night happy hour!  Last time I was there I got the Crab Cakes which were perfect!
Marty's always has exactly what I need!  Such a cool gentrified vibe (in a good way!).  Talk to the meat counter to watch the butcher process or just to talk meat.  Super knowledgeable.
Man every bite was bringing me closer to the islands. I have been looking for a little bit of heaven on earth and this place is it. The food was so fresh and good I am going to return with my whole crew from charter cable. This is it the fish was great breaded fish spice fish man look stop reading and start driving to this place.. TCG
I've visited this branch on two separate occasions to set up new accounts. Both times I was helped by Marcos, who was very professional and knowledgeable. When I had questions, he conversed with me over email and followed up with a phone call. I haven't always been a fan of brick and mortar banks, but if I ever have questions about my Chase accounts, this will be the first place I go. This branch is modern, clean, and seems to be well-run.
Me and my group started the night off with going to the Moon, had a couple drinks, and hit the dance floor. We were told we can go to the ghost bar so we decided to check it out. Shortly after we arrived some ghetto ugly ass hostess...or whatever she was told my sister she was too drunk to be there when she was not stumbling, slurring, or causing any ruckess at the Moon awhile ago. I found it very rude of that hoe to tell my sister she was too intoxicated, which she was not...to enter and stay at the club. So we ended the night with her threatening to have the cops called on my sister and to be taken to jail which was way out of line. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. STAY ON THE MAIN STRIP AND STAY AWAY FROM THE PALMS.
I've always liked this La Tasca restaurant. I've been there a couple of times and the food is always good and the staff are always friendly and helpful. I wouldn't say its the very best Spanish Tapas you can have, but it's certainly very good value. The restaurant is located on Charlotte Street which is just between Princess Street and Charlotte Square, so its really handy for anyone in the West End. They sometimes have a lunchtime offer on too which is great value for money. The only negative is the small tables, but I think that's pretty standard for tapas restaurants.
Corn Beef Hash....for breakfast...with anything else...but just try it...not like your mamma made it! A-maz-zing!!!!!
Stopped in to get a new phone and was dreading it. I had to get a new sim card and quickly.\n\nI was immediately  approached by a friendly and very helpful employee. I explained that I didn't  have a lot  of time and how my past experiences never went well. \n\nShe promised  me  that she would get me in and out in a quick manner to accommodate me. I was hopeful  yet doubtful. \n\nMy new phone was activated and she even taught me a few things . Literally less than 5 minutes and I was ready to go!! Thank goodness!\n\nKassie was awesome!! Her knowledge and customer  service has restored my hope at this location. 5 stars for great customer service and efficiency!!\n\nI highly recommend  this location for your wireless needs. Enjoy!
I know, I know...after all the bad reviews, why? Because I like to form my own opinion AND...there hasn't been a review in a long time. So, I ordered the white pizza and it was just a ton of cheese. I could not taste the ricotta at all. The cheese sticks were cold which made them hard and the breading super crumbly. Not good quality. The 2 stars are for being here in a timely manner.
The store is great but it attracts the rudest people in Las Vegas. While walking down an aisle, I got shoved into the display, flipped off, and told to "f" off for walking too far in the middle and this was all said to me by a woman about my age. I wonder if she would have been so rude if I hadn't been alone & she hadn't had two men with her. Honestly, it's been a long time but I was very tempted to grab her by the shirt & teach her some courtesy.
Firstly, Crossfit rocks.  A fitness routine that incorporates a dynamic range of movements from burpees to pull ups to olympic weightlifting movements to sprinting.  It pretty much encapsulates various aspects of fitness and tightly packs it into 1 hr classes.\nIf you're really looking to jump start your health, physique and overall athletic \nability, you should look no further than Crossfit.  \n\nHmm I sound a little brainwashed don't I? Well try it and you'll get brainwashed too.  Just to let you a bit of my background pertaining to this, fitness is an important part of my life.  I make it mandatory to exercise frequently and a lot of my extra curricular activities are physical (volleyball, dragon boat, adventure racing).  I've gone through a whole 90 days with P90X and saw some decent results but I want to push it further and Crossfit seemed like a perfect fit.\n\nLocation:\nWhat attracted me most was the location of this gym.  Most of the crossfit gyms are downtown but this one is the only one I've found that is more uptown.  That alone, makes this gym a solid choice for those looking to try it out but don't live downtown\n\nFacilities:\nLike most Crossfit gyms, the main elements required empty spaces with pull up bars on the wall, rings hanging from the ceiling, olympic barbells\/dumbells, and medicine balls.  This gym is not fully equipped like a Goodlife with elliptical machines or exercise machines because that's not really what the sport entails.  There is one washroom (no shower) and individual change room that are very well maintained.  Overall, the gym is very clean despite having that garage gym feel which is super cool.  You can tell how much a gym owner cares by how well they maintain the facilities and it's pristine(Yes, as a Crossfit tradition, you're supposed to collapse to the floor after workout and this floor is very clean).  It's a bit small in comparison to the likes of CrossfitTO, but is okay for the average class size (5-8).\n\nClasses\/Membership:\nThis gym runs on the instructional class methodology with room for specialized programs once you've become familiar with proper form.  Like any sport, there are skills that need to be taught properly to avoid injury and ensure proper muscle development.  I can't count the number of times I've seen people in the gym lifting big weights but with really bad form.  Sure, it's an ego thing and I was like that too but no more.  Having instructional classes allow for injury prevention and proper muscle development.  As classes are typically not that large (5-8 people per hour), the trainer is able to assist everyone. Classes usually are composed of a strength development component and a metabolic conditioning part (more cardio-esque but with weights sometimes) and last about an hour.(no more of that 2.5 hours at the gym nonsense)  Everyone tries to motivate each other during the workouts and the trainers are always being vocal and pushing you along.\nThese classes are ideal for those who don't have much time for the gym but want a workout that is short but high intensity. Trust me, you don't want to work out anymore after just 1 hr here...unless you're crazy.\n\nTrainers:\nCouldn't ask for better bunch of people.  They pay attention to your specific needs and suggest things.  They scale\/modify workouts to your own abilities.  They provide you with nutritional advice. They are constantly taking courses to better their understanding of fitness and mobility.  They definitely challenge you but don't make you feel like you don't belong.  The culture fostered in this gym is definitely one where you can make friends and have social gatherings if you feel so inclined. \n\nOverall:\nJust a great facility overall.  As I'll update with a link in the future, this gym was voted best fitness gym in Toronto by the NOW magazine readers! Will post link when available.  That alone is a statement in itself.  \n\nPlease don't be hesitant to try it out because you think you're not fit enough.  Like I said before, the trainers pay specific attention to everyone and will appropriate workouts according to your own abilities so that you still feel challenged but not pushed over the edge. You have to start somewhere and when you do, this gym will help you see improvements like you've never imagined.
I have been to Fiamma twice and both visits were during Restaurant Week.  From the outside, I was very unimpressed.  It's located in a strip mall that offers no pzazz.  Once inside, however, the ambiance is intimate, warmly lit, and romantic.  Most of the tables are separated but there are a few that are connected by one long booth seat.  Unfortunately, this is where my party of 3 was sat.  Even more uncomfortable was that the table was actually comprised of 2 separate small tables covered by a table cloth.  It was notably a tight space.  \n\nThankfully we overcame our discouraging seating situation by ordering wine.  The pours were generous and the prices ranged from $6.00 to $9.00 per glass.  It was quite reasonable. \n\nIn addition to some wine, we also ordered food off of the restaurant week menu.  My first item was sauteed sea scallops in a cauliflower puree topped with mushrooms.  It was simply delectable.  I would order this as an entree if I could.  My second item was a pacific white fish served with two sauteed potatoes and white asparagus covered in a caper sauce.  It was a nice dish but it didn't knock me off my feet.  I felt the fish could have been a bit more moist but the flavors were tasty!  Lastly, we all ordered and sampled each others dessert.  The creme brulee took the first place ribbon.  It was a generous portion topped with delicious berries.  The ricotta cheesecake was a runner up.  It was light and did the trick to hit my sweet spot.  However, if you are a cheesecake lover and like the rich, creamy  versions - this would not be your pick!\n\nThe service we received was adequate but not superb.  I had a much better waiter the first time I visited.  There were a few times I found my eyes wandering to see if I could get his attention.  Additionally, only 2 out of the 3 entrees were brought out together.  One of my friends had to wait a few minutes before hers arrived.  It certainly didn't ruin the meal but it's always nice begin eating your dinner at the same time.  \n\nOverall, Fiamma did not earn a 5 star review but I would return.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and they have some great dishes.  There are just some areas that could be tweaked to make the overall experience more enjoyable.
I love everything about Barney's of New York!  All the employees were very friendly. Especially, Genevieve the sales associate who helped me with my purchases. She was very knowledgable and personable. Didn't rush me at all when I was deciding on what perfume I wanted to purchase.. She also helped me pick out some Chanel Makeup and made sure that I had the right color of foundation to match my skin tone. I'm so happy with my purchases... Will surely come back and see her again for future purchases. Thank you Genevieve!
The only good things I have to say is that is a very classy place good food friendly staff.  I happen to have gone there on April 30th Saturday with buddy of mine and they had a jazz band playing . Now the problem is I am not sure if it was a band member or some one from the restaurant but this person gave a big speach on the mic how that this club does not have a cover charge so that it is mandatory to tip the band this person went table to table with a tip jar and a debit machine wanting tips  I do believe that the band is payed to play  there and that you should never be forced or  bullied into tipping so I would go for the food   and stay away on jazz night so you don't get bullied into tipping.
They have a lot of great products but it's incredibly over priced. I buy the same stuff down the street at marche nuvo for half the price. Also, I bought a rice ball from there and there was a long female hair in the ball. It went right through it. I brought the ball back and instead of taking ownership they denied that it was their hair and beat around the bush when clearly the hair went through the entire ball. It wasn't on top. Their sanitary procedures to me are quite questionable now. I live right next door but I refuse to go back .
cute inside, super small portions for big cost in comparison-NEVER again for food-drink menu is bigger then food menu-might try that, but can't afford to eat there and get full.  lukewarm bottle of water sits on table (I order water often)-NO ICE-went in nice weather, they have garage doors as wall and had open-bugs and birds flying around-YUCK. $40 bill for me and 2 kids and we left starving.  Son ordered soft taco dinner-it was 2 tacos the size of a dollar pancake, like one bite-off adult menu, don't know if even kids menu.
HOLY MOLY! Not Kosher but delicious! Amazing shredded pork\n\nwhat a find\nwhen they run out.....they run out\n\ngo early\n\nalways a line\n\nits worth it
Et en été, belle découverte des laits frappés, de vrais desserts bien préparés et copieux; Des biscotti extra grands. Et des assiettes brunch, copieuses et fraîches.
Two words : Pork buns. My boyfriend and I adore the food here and willing to put up with loud music and the sour serving staff to get our fix. If we want REGULAR ramen, we can go anywhere else in the city - if you want chef David Chang's incredibly rich broth, luscious pork belly, and immaculately poached egg, you come take a seat on the benches. Fans of his restaurants should check out Mind of a Chef on Netflix - the first season is about Chang and his ramen quest,
Very good honest burger 2nd time here and got great burgers each time.  Fast and a great value.  Looking forward to trying their breakfast burrito soon.
I had came in one of the many few times, paid my bill , and it turned out I got charged twice! Waited a week for them to refund my money, told myself next time I'll bring cash instead. Yesterday, me & some friends went out for dinner at ah-so. We received our rolls & we noticed they weren't tight enough. They were unraveling & sloppy. The texture and taste was just not up to the usual quality from the past times we had been in. Idk if it's because it was close to closing time, but we brought it to the waiters attention and she assumed we didn't know how to use chop sticks & decided to give us forks! Instead of offering to tighten our rolls or a discount of some sort would had been fine but we got nothing.. Being loyal customers I found that upsetting but at the end it's their loss.
Was told this was really authentic Chinese food.  I'm not judge of oriental authenticity... but I can tell you: I did not enjoy the food.  Lots of grissle and fat.  Kind of gross.  The sauces were a little bland.\n\nMy ex bought a copy of Legend of Zelda with the gold cartridge from this place, though.  Tell me that that's something you look for in a Chinese food restaurant.
It was good as it has always been every time I come. the salads are really good the price you pay for the platter is very good for the amount of food you receive however I did not like that the pieces of pita bread or cut up instead of the "taco style" gyro i'm used to getting
This is the first time ordering from here, and I will definitely be ordering from here again. NY style pizza and awesome wings!
This spot is a hidden gem! Every time we go back it seems to get busier and busier. 56 Kitchen has fresh, quality food to offer. We love everything on their menu from the salads to the pizza to the burgers to the chicken and fish entrees. My only wish is that they eventually move into another location even though I love that they have given us all a reason to visit that particular strip mall. This spot will surprise you. Our fav place to eat in Solon.
We had to see what hype was about!!\n\nA little bummed the chips were not gluten free :( but the iced tea is delicious!\n\nThe atmosphere is super fun and retro.\n\nThe food was outstanding. Tons of flavor and filling!\n\nHighly recommend this place!
I used to go here alll the time, and used to be my favorite thai near my house, not anymore. Management changed, food was not the same, and the servers could not even get my order after 93 minutes. Servers are nice but not worth the time. 5 tables left while I was there because they didn't receive their orders.
The most amazing desert ever. Joel Rebouchon Las Vegas. My god they put these restaurants in hotels these days!\nNear the end of a perfect meal (in a 3 star Michelin joint) Joel Rebouchon Las Vegas\n\nSo it's pretty simple on the recipe for this one, take a delicious cold lemon curd fluff type thing and add amazing blueberry sorbet. Mix in some wonderful floral syrup and candied violet petals and then seal it in a perfect sphere of sugar. Not in my entire life, and i eat and travel alot, have i ever been this amazed by desert. The food before made space and time its bitch, effing amazing. The service, the bread cart, the butter cart, the candy\/cookie cart, next to nothing. Those who say food is merely to "sustain life" have never lived. The suckling pig with white beans was the best food i've ever put into my face. Wait, have to mention the potatoes, served with main course. I guarantee, if there was a christian god, she would bathe in these. 2lbs Potatoes to 1lbs of butter, my god. the prior courses were good, but not spectacular so the finale was like the biggest fireworks display you've been apart of, slow to start, good, great, holy cow, to dear effing hey-zeus. There is a reason that the tire company rates restaurants and there's a reason this one of the best of them.\n\nMoral of the story is... If you ever have a chance to eat this well, you should try, just once, i on the other hand will do it as much as possible and maybe bring the wife next time.
Chicken schwarma plate is LIFE! Honestly everything there is delicious and the servers are great and patient!
I love the food here, my favorite is the chicken picatta, the staff is super nice and the view is to die for!
Our first visit to this restaurant. Can't believe we waited so long.  This was not your cookie cutter Mexican restaurant.  I had a chicken dish that was excellent.  Light and flavorful.   My husband had the chimichanga and enjoyed it also commenting that the rice was very good.  The prices were very reasonable. Can't wait to come back and try their margaritas   This looks nothing like the family restaurant there before.  Very nice decor
My friend and I stopped at Zarra's on a whitewater paddling trip a couple of weeks ago. Please be warned... this is not your neighborhood (american) Italian restaurant. If they did have any pizza or calzones I must have missed it because I was distracted by the extensive menu of authentic italian dishes. The hardest part of my experience was choosing what to eat. This is one of those places where you're not going to be choosing something you think you'll like, you're going to be deciding between dishes you know you'll love. The decision is made easier by Zarra's excellent family of staff. \n\nWe sat outside near the outdoor fireplace fueled by a real wood fire. The scene, smell of the kitchen mixed with the wood fire, and excellent company set the stage for a perfect evening. \n\nI enjoyed a regional craft brew that was delicious, an appetizer sampler, and a seafood entree with a spicy red sauce over a seafood medley with pasta. The shrimp and scallop were huge and perfectly cooked. The scallop was especially savory. \n\nWe stayed for a couple hours eating, drinking, and taking in the city through this small neighborhood gem. When you do go inside take a look at the pictures on the walls and notice they are all family of the owners. If you're lucky John will tell you the history of the establishment, how he met his wife there, and came to own it so many years ago. When you go to Zarra's you'll feel like part of their italian family for sure. We liked it so much we went back for dinner the next night while we were still in town. After all, how can you say no to an authentic italian family dinner?
Hello? Umm Hhelllow? Person here ready to pay. Waited at cashier for close to 5 minutes for 2 lousy buns, there were almost nobody at the bakery at the time , i guess the empoyees decided to go play hide & seek. Finally paid my buns looked fresh was still warm and soft so far so good, took a bite into my bbq pork bun or supposedly , umm hello? Taste and stuffing where are thou? Like Target this place does nothing for me.
Now you too can be in charge of your own poke destiny... May the fork be with you. \n\nOK with all the pun and bad joke groaning aside (Can you tell I wrote this on May the 4th?), they do a pretty good job here at making fresh bowls that you build to your liking. It's not quite poke, not quite chirashi. I guess you could call it a unique creation using fresh seafood.\n\nYou get your choice of 2 or 3 scoops of seafood (Choices include salmon, tuna, spicy tuna, yellowtail, scallops, shrimp), base filler (White rice, brown rice, salad), any toppings you want (E.g. seaweed salad, pickled ginger, masago), sauce, and any seasonings (Such as sesame seed, red chile flake). \n\nI got a two scoop with half brown rice half salad, salmon and yellowtail, house spicy sauce, all the toppings, and sesame seed. Everything tasted very fresh, especially the fish. There was too much dressing on the salad unfortunately as the flavor blew my taste buds out from tasting too much salty sauce. Overall I enjoyed my meal though. I also ordered a Thai iced tea which was a perfect amount of sweetness and lightly creamy tasting.\n\nThe price for the bowl was $8.95 and the tea was $2.99. I think it was a decent value for your money and I was definitely full after scarfing down my meal. I'll be back to try more custom creations!
I visited Press on the recommendation of a friend and was not disappointed!  The ambiance is warm and inviting and I really enjoyed sitting outside on their patio.  The pumpkin spice latte I had was delicious and the breakfast burrito was fantastic and filling.  Their service was friendly, too!  Perfect place to stop and relax!
This place is amazing. we will never go to another all you can eat sushi restaurant .we've been there over 20 times always had consistency with the food experience . The fish is always fresh, Green mussel are amazing.The all you can eat menu is very large... Yummy yummy.
Came in on a Saturday afternoon for a quick snack of what has been advertised as the "best sushi" in town but was totally underwhelmed. \n\nThe service was slow and limited, the server kept disappearing for long periods of time. The sushi selection was not good at all, most rolls contains either cream cheese (ew!) or tempura. We found a roll that seemed like it would be ok (the Tom Tom) and it was tiny and flavorless for $17. The spicy tuna roll was not spicy at all. The sashimi was the only decent part, the "tuna" was ok, the octopus was average, and the salmon was good. \n\nI wasn't expecting Tsukiji fish market quality rolls, but I also did not expect crap.
Mid-sized restaurant that fills up very quickly,even on a week night; we were a party of 9 and I had arrived early (6PM), our reservation (a must),was for 6:30,by 7 the place was already full. Our waiter was very attentive,courteous and informative,but unintrusive,which is always good. Our orders were taken without much ado,since no one wanted drinks,but the appetisers were a bit slow coming;since so many include pork, which I don't eat,I passed,but my companions seemed to enjoy theirs. Next we each ordered their famous pizzas: I ordered the Siciliana,which is your basic tomato and cheese with eggplant. There certainly were the two aforementioned ingredients,but not much in the way of eggplant,just a few chunks,and the crust was a teeny bit under cooked. My companions had the Margaritha,essentially the same thing,without the eggplant,they really enjoyed theirs, one ordered with extra cheese,another with extra oil and garlic...extra charge too. For desserts,you get a choice of gelato,biscotti,or tiramisu,I just opted for cappuccino,but four of my companions ordered;one mistook the choice of biscotti as one choice,but was very surprised when he got a platter of biscotti,all different choices. The two who ordered the tiramisu,were also surprised when theirs came on a platter with not one but THREE cakes! The gelato guy was probably the only one who got shortchanged here as his serving,although generous,was not enough for three people. As pizzas go,good,but not exceptional,desserts: copious,cappuccino: very good,service: excellent,price:not cheap,but won't break your bank account either.
Small menu, but the ones on the menu are REALLY good.  Make sure you try the wonton noodle.  Selfserve water\/tea.  Cheap and quick.
OK, so what if it's an authentic 1950s ice cream parlor? The stuff they're scooping up is boring major brand-name label ice cream full of air, and the toppings are nothing special? And the wallpaper is dirty and faded? And the carnival-esque decor is kinda creepy, unfortunately like some of the elderly clientele who sit here staring sadly off into space as their ice cream sodas melt away? You can almost imagine the opening scenes of a tear-jerker Lifetime movie set here. That's not good.
Offers a nice cozy atmosphere. I've been here a handful of times and have never been disappointed. Food is always exceptional!
We sat at the bar.  We ordered duck in the can, poutine, and cherry foie gras.  All were good, the foie gras was exceptional.  Sitting at the bar, we had a great view of the kitchen.  This turned out to take away from the experience.  We noted the unsanitary habits of one kitchen staff.  E.g.  using the same cutting board for both meats and tomatoes for their burgers.  Wiping the board with a towel which he then kept wrapped around his neck.  The waitress was nice and helpful.  A bit slow in the end.  Overall, a good experience bcs the food was good.
I am so glad to have a great wine and cheese shop in Ahwatukee!  They have quality product, the staff knows their stuff, and the wine tastings\/classes are great.
I have to start this with the fact that I'm not partial to Eastern European food.  It sits a bit heavy and greasy to my liking.  So my review may be slightly biased.  Still, when in Rome.....  I tried some of the pierogis.  They were all prepared as well as can be.  Moist, rich filling.  They had fresh fillings and the dough was still moist.  As good as they could possibly be.  They had a sweet and savory quality.  I would rank it as good as any polish food as I've had.
An awesome restaurant. We went with Mrs. B's sister and friends for the first time while in AZ for the weekend.  The food was great and its a cool environment. Definitely recommend.
So far so good !! I got a chance to check it out on a "dry-run" type of day - where they had a limited menu and they haven't had their grand opening yet :) \n\nI had the Charbroiled Mushroom Burger, steak-like fresh French fries and a citrus green tea. All very good. Would have totaled about $10. Its from Santa Barbara and while I grew up in southern California - it's new to me, but I like it. In the style of other quality fast food burger joints like 5 Guys, Inn & Out Burger & dare I say Bobby's Burger Palace. I say it s worth a try.\n\nIt's in the Hughes Center by Bahama Breeze and Fogo De Chao - near the newer Starbucks and new Chipotle and Pieology. \n\nStaff was very friendly and helpful. \n\nDrop on in if you're in for a good fast food style burger. \n\nHappy Eating !
While in Las Vegas for business I realized my "sniffles" must be turning to a sinus infection-headache, pressure and all. A friend recommended Dr. Forte's office and I was so grateful they were able to get me in straightaway. I really appreciated Dr. Forte's focus and felt the exam was very thorough. She was able to give me advise to handle the immediate symptoms and an RX to treat the issue. Now if I could just find a doctor's office I like this much in my city!
Great sandwiches & fast service. The few times I've gone there's always been a line, so you know it must be good! A new favorite lunch spot for our office.
I went to casbah for a research group dinner. Pittsburgh was having a busy weekend due to the university graduation ceremonies. We were lucky to get a reservation for a Friday evening on the Thursday. \n\nThe cheese plates are a great starter. They really have some good choices. The rock octopus and the flatbread were nice too.\n\nFor the main course, I had the pork chops since I read good reviews about the dish. They were fantastic! I can still taste the juicy tenderness. Yum! \n\nThe desserts were delicious as well. I tasted the Chocolate pot de Creme, the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding, and the creme bruelle. The Chocolate pot was phenomenal!
Our server was extremely friendly and the food was adequate. She had recommended that we split an appetizer and a $13 entrée, and it turned out to be enough to share for lunch. I appreciated her tip. They seem to do good business with the South Point visitors coming from across the way. The environment is definitely casual-to-austere. The lamb was very tasty, I must say.
This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat now.  I recently adopted a vegan lifestyle and there aren't many vegan-friendly restaurants near where I live.  I've come here twice now I've loved it each time.  The owner is so nice and friendly.  I recommend the Hola Amigo hot dog with the California Vegan hot dog option.  Both the fries and the vegan potato salad are DELICIOUS.  This is a great place to go when I am craving a hot dog!
Craft Dogs hosted a preview party tonight and will open to the public on Tuesday, May 28th. Should you line up for one of their haute dogs? Yes, you should.\n\nFollowing what could be called a "burger movement" in Toronto, it seems almost natural to move on to its fast-food counterpart and give it the much-needed makeover. And Craft Dogs does just that. Imagine everything you think you know about hot dogs and throw it out the window.\n\nFirst off, the hot dogs are hand-crafted and contain only natural ingredients, even the casings. Yup,  ALL-natural. Most, if not all, of the condiments and drinks (less the beer, I presume) are made in-house too. If you love your lemonade like I do, go for the simple yet why-aren't-more-people-doing-this maple syrup version.\n\nSecond, the mainstays are crazy! In a good way. Everything from duck to pork belly to kobe beef are dressed to impress. One standout is the Thai dog topped with a mango salsa, but I hear the avocado dog is equally as good.\n\nFinally, do you work in the financial district and tire of the corporate culture trickling down into the restaurant offerings? Escape here and eat well.\n\nShout out to the owners Kathleen and Brian who, following the success of their now sold Beer Bistro, clearly know what this city craves in food and drink.
Awesome Company, Awesome Employees!! We love our shredders. Not just a vendor but our friends. Best shredding company in AZ by far!! You can count on this team to get all your shredding needs done.
This restaurant is exactly what Montreal needs more of. I'm a huge fan! Everything is delicious, homey and satisfying. My particular favourites are the perogies, pancakes, Cobb salad, and McArthur's sandwich. Great coffee. \n\nOnly drawback is this place is small, meaning it is usually packed on the weekends and guests are practically sitting on top of one another - so definitely expect a wait, and be in the mood to speak loudly & get cozy. However, if you live in the area, Foodora delivers from Arthur's, which is a great alternative in a pinch. \n\nTip: never, ever leave without ordering a babka. I'm not sure it's even on the menu - but you need it. Get both chocolate and cinnamon. You won't regret it.
Definitely a fan! It's great having a place around the corner that I can get all my work stuff done at. The best thing I like about this store is that the employees actually try to get to know you and help you with whatever you need. Whenever I come in, they have a copy key and UPS envelopes waiting for me, it's great getting that personal service!
My wife and I order from here every now and then when we're in the mood for chinese.  I haven't noticed a difference in quality from here to China-a-go-go, or even New York Chinese in Summerlin. Maybe I'm not as much of a Chinese Food Connoisseur as I thought I was after reading other people's reviews, but it's close to our house and decently priced.  Nice food portions too, so we always have left overs, which I think is a plus.
Absolutely pissed and horrified to find plastic in my ice cream. Not only is it a hazard that could break a tooth but it's plastic in my drink and I am 8 months pregnant. Are u serious who the hell is making these huge mistakes. Will be calling corporate offices in the morning.
Mod Home is a cool place if you are looking for modern (duh) or eclectic pieces you wouldn't find in a regular furniture store.  This place has something for every style from Art Decco, to fuzzy pillows, to minimal modern pieces, to giant decorative busts, they even have a framing area to order custom picture frames.  Somethings are a little far out there, like an Egg Chair from Men in Black, but everything seemed to be of high quality and well done.\n\nThe sales people were nice, not pushing, but also didn't seem to care that we were there.  We caught one sitting on a couch taking a selfie as we walked by and the rest hovered by the sales station up front.\n\nPrices were very reasonable compared to other big box retailers with a very large, diverse selection.  Will definitely be back if we need any mod furniture.
I decided to try this out after reading an article. Planta Burger is almost like a fast food place, where you line up to order and you get a number.\nI've order the California burger\nSmashed avocado, tomatoe, queso cheese, pickled onion and banana peppers\nThe patty has beans inside. I didn't enjoy the texture. The bun, I find a bit dry.\n\nIf you select bunless, it will be wrapped in lettuce.\nI've also ordered the Classic and the crab cake. Out of the three I think the crab cake was the better option. All meals came with fries and the fries had spices sprinkled on already. \n\nProbably won't come back again...
I agree with other Yelpers when they say that this place is a solid 3.5 stars. This weekend, we are in town and staying at the Hotel Palomar, which is a short walk to this restaurant. We woke up really early Saturday morning, due to the NCAA Championship Fan Center outside of our window blasting music at 6AM, and called downstairs to see where the best places for breakfast were in the area. She recommended the Breakfast Club since it had a variety of dishes and was a close walk. We decided to go here and had a decent experience. This place doesn't stick out to me and I don't think I would personally rush back here anytime soon (if I found myself back in the area). The portions were generous and the restaurant was large - both good things, considering there are plenty of seats and two people could share an entree. \n\nFOOD: 3 stars.\nVery average, overall. I ordered a single blueberry pancake and he ordered the waffle with granola and fresh berries (which we split), as well as the Monster Burrito with both the chile and queso on the side. I think the waffle was the best item, followed by the pancake, and lastly the burrito. The waffle tasted pretty good, but I though that the granola and berries took away from the flavor of the waffle itself. If we were to order it again, I would opt for something lighter. The pancake was good and really big, but a little dry. The burrito was, in my opinion, terrible. We only took one bite each, and both decided it was dry and didn't taste that well. Definitely ask the server what they recommend because the waffle was really good!\n\nSERVICE: 4 stars.\nThe service was pretty good\/average. Not outstanding but also not a bad thing to say about it.\n\nLOCATION: 5 stars\nConveniently located in a nice area of Downtown Phoenix. If you're staying in the Palomar or around there, it's out on the second floor level of restaurants and shops. Very spacious and a lot of room to sit!
I'm new in Las Vegas and I swear by yelps review.. they're  pretty accurate to say the least... Given Harwick's reviews I booked an appointment Harwick Beauty Maia Martin OMG !! Her facial and wax !!! The best.. I received compliments all day on the glow and smoothness on my my skin!!  So much so that my husband wanted to do a facial with her!! She also did my lashes correctly to my almond eyes shape  I have such a pop!! My go to forever .. she also told me she could give me more .. so I'm back on Saturday !! Love love I found this place..
I grew up in Southern California and was freaking out about finding tamales for Xmas here in CU.  El Oasis cured my homesickness with awesome chicken, pork, and cheese tamales for $1.50 each.  I had some New Mexican red chile sauce and avocado to eat them with and it was almost like being back home, at least for my tastebuds.
This place is great! I've visited the CB in Ohio and the quality is just a great as Ohio's location. Arrive early to be seated quickly. Their pancakes are buttery and crisp, so delicious! Those pancakes aren't for the faint of heart (calories must be high up there) but they are so worth it. Their coffee is so good too! \n\nThe service was a little everywhere but they just opened and everyone's trying to settle in. Logan was very sweet and was helping our table out a lot even though he wasn't our waiter, which just goes to show how much the employees care . \n\nJust like all CB locations, they have a country store where you can purchase a lot of great merch like Yankee Candles and even CB syrup, coffee and pancake mix (yeap, the same stuff they use in their kitchens!) \n\nWould definitely return here, hands down!
Mein erster Besuch in Sindelfingen und den Platz 1 bei Yelp gibt es seit über einem Jahr nicht mehr. Also rumgucken und Kartenvergleich: Glutamatfrei - check, Vietnamesisch - check, Preis - check, moderne Einrichtung - check. \n\nProbiert: Vegetarische Sommerrolle und Pho Ga. Die Sommerrolle kommt mit Avocado und einem dekorativen knallroten Paprikastreifen unter dem Reisblatt daher, sehr leicht und duftig. Dazu eine Erdnusssoße. Die Pho Ga ist ebenso leicht und duftig und macht einfach glücklich. Mit "optionalen" Zutaten Minze, Korianderblätter, Zitrone, Hoisin-Soße, Chilisoße, die man dann in unterschiedlichen Konzentrationen dazu probieren kann. Das ganze verpackt in netten Service.\n\nImmer wieder.
I have never written a yelp review before, but  my experience was so great I felt like I should. I called this morning with a couple questions about a spray tan. I have never gotten a spray tan before so I was a little nervous.  All my questions were more then answered and I felt less nervous about the spray tan. I walked in to tan many hours later and the girl working, Paige, recognized me from my call somehow and was so sweet. She informed me about products that would benefit me but wasn't pushy with selling at all. She walked me into the room and explained the process step by step and answered my hundred questions. She was so sweet. I am excited to see my tan tomorrow! I will definitely be back, because of Paige!
Great service. Knowledgeable, pleasant wait staff. Excellent food. No gripes whatsoever. The Gorgonzola steak was ridiculously good!
scallops scallops!!! so delicious!! \n\nthis Michael Minas is a bit different than the one in San Francisco. they offer an a la carte menu, which is more popular and offers a greater selection than their tasting menu. I guess more people come for a shorter dining experience since tasting menus usually average a 3 hour dinner. the tasting menu offered two choices of a 5 course meal. \n\nthe scallops and foie gras appetizer is to die for. fine dining is known for their tiny spoon sized, yet hardy portions. this dish was filling. two pieces of scallops and foie gras. the black mussel soufflé was also very hardy and delicious. the tuna tartare with sesame oil was great as well, the sesame oil adds just the perfect taste to the tuna. next time maybe I'll just have a bunch of appetizers for dinner...\n\nthe lobster pot pie. its bigger than my stomach. I can usually chow down but I couldn't get myself to comsume the last two pieces. they make the lobster and its sauce and veggies in a cooking pot, they then cover the top, like a lid, with the pie crust. when serving, they cut out the crust to use as a base to your plate and scoop out the lobster all its glory onto a dish, beautifully done. \n\nmy friends and I had an awesome time over excellent food. the service here is top notch. I had to catch a flight and they had me in and out just in time, but enough time to enjoy the food. fine restaurants usually have many waiters catering to you which I haven't always had good experiences with since they get confused and the service then become inconsistent. but the service here, was outstanding, to say the least.\n\nhighly recommended. Michael Minas definitely puts a twist to fine dining.
3 stars not because the food sucked, the food was good, but for a restaurant charging top prices, it's a 3 star. I was honestly underwhelmed by this restaurant. My first french haute cuisine in Vegas was at Joël Robuchon at MGM, my second here at Picasso and my third at Guy Savoy at Caesar's. Picasso was not up to tier compared to these other two $$$$ restaurants in terms of creativity, service and decor. If you have one fancy place to pick when you're in Vegas, I don't think this should be your choice, and here's why. \n\nThe fact that it was in Bellagio probably made you think it must be the best haute French restaurant in town, might not be true. They had a prix fixe menu when we went there and for my main course I upgraded my dish for a lot of extra money for their Wagyu just to try how it was. Not worth the money. My other two friends were a bit underwhelmed too. Honestly I couldn't even remember exactly what we ate. \n\nThe dining room was quite dimly lit and maybe that's why we couldn't see well what we were eating lol. The decor was OK, nothing so special that would add to your dining experience. What's nice was the balcony by the famous fountain. It's great for taking photos!\n\nThe service was alright, not bad but nowhere close to exceptional. A few times we had to look around for attention, a big no no for a high-end restaurant. \n\nI would have not a single doubt going back to the other two restaurants but definitely not Picasso.
I enjoyed this quaint little joint and the breakfast was perfect to start the day, not too heavy nor light.  They make their dishes unique but don't venture too far off.  The place was a tight squeeze but all the customers seemed to enjoy their breakfast as well.
Been here several times before just to hang out and watch football in the bar area. They have some nice furniture set up in front of a cute fireplace. I think I fell asleep a couple times here.\n\nThis last visit I came with my wifey on a Thursday night at 9:30. Im assuming the dining area closes at 9 because the door to that area was locked so we went into the bar which is 24\/7. We sat ourselves at one of the tables and flagged down a server.\n\nFor some odd reason, this night I was craving corned beef and cabbage (preggo maybe? Lol), which is what brought us here. We live literally right across the street for about 3 years and we always talked about checking this place out for the food. Why is it that whenever you live right next to something, you always seem to drive right by it thinking you will go there someday since you live near it but more often than not, you never make it in there? Well I finally did but only took me 3 years.\n\nAnyways, since it was late and we didn't want to eat too much before going to bed later, we decided to order Loaded Potato Skins and Corned Beef n Cabbage. We planned on sharing but if you refer to my pic, the Loaded Potato Skins were a meal in itself. So we called one of friends to join us who just happened to be down the street.\n\nAs she showed up, Corned Beef n Cabbage came out. Again if you refer to my pic, its a decent amount of food. What actually stood out was the Pretzel Breadstick that came with it. This alone will make me come back. Even if you don't like anything at all here, just get the Pretzel Breadstick. I have never had anything like it and my wife agrees. We were very tempted to order some more but already had a lot of food to deal with. \n\nThe Loaded Potato Skins were actually not bad. Came with sour cream. As for the Corned Beef n Cabbage, I thought it was ok as well. Now mind you its been a long time since I have had this so there really wasn't anything I could compare it to. Came with some kind of cubed potatoes and the cabbage had bits of corned beef with peppercorns.\n\nThe ambiance of the place was nice in a creepy way. You have antique pictures of old people on the walls. Kind of reminds me of the eerie paintings they have at the Haunted Mansion at Disneyland. I wonder if the dining room is set up the same way.\n\nService was below average. Once we got our food, I think our server went home because we didn't see her any more and the bartender was the only one that came around after a while to refill our drinks.\n\nOverall, I think the negatives cancel out the positives which equals the 3 star rating.
Freaking love this bar\/restaurant!  Great staff and great food, amazing beers! Must try for south Scottsdale.  Outdoor atmosphere is great when the weather is nice! Vivian is an my favorite bartender!
I always love this as a treat to myself.  It's a quick solid go to for a good hearty breakfast.  I almost always go here alone and just walk immediately to the breakfast bar.  Quick service and within seconds i always get my own carafe of coffee.   \n\nFood is always pretty solid here.  Aim more for the omelets though.  I've gotten waffles and pancakes here and they're fine.  But you'll probably forget what you ate after about an hour because they didn't leave an impression.  My go to favorite though is the Chili Rellano omelet.  My mouths watering now just thinking about it.  Slap some hot sauce on that bad boy and you got this cheesy, chili, egg, spicy piece of deliciousness in your mouth.   I always go to work and brag about what I ate after that sucker.\n\nGive this place a go.  Solid service and decent food.
I don't remember name of my curry soup, maybe Ka it was very good and I would try other things in future.  We sat out front of restaurant, so I never went inside.
Worst place ever to watch a game. Audio up audio down audio up audio down the entire game. Who ever complains the loudest gets their way with game sound. Until the next person complains. Food average.
This restaurant was just okay. The staff were very attentive, knowledgable and friendly but the food was overpriced and mediocre. I ordered a burger which would have been good but the onions and lettuce inside tasted old and almost rotten. The rest of the food was alright, nothing extraordinary and definitely not worth the price. The overall atmosphere of the place was nice though, it was clean and modern.
Another hard one to rate for me.  Because the fact of the matter is, nothing beats The Good Egg for a simple, quick, satisfying breakfast.  But is there anything special about it?  Not even a little bit.  \n\nI want to give it 4, because for me, for my breakfast wants, I would be happy to go there every weekend.  But I can't do that in good conscience, for the following reasons:  It's not a place to linger, because they sling you into a table and throw your food at you super quickly.  I also have to honest and say that every time I've had lunch there, it's been terrible.  For what it is, it does feel a teeny overpriced.  And there's zero atmosphere.  \n\nThis is the first time I've really agonized over wanting that half star!  I've got nothing bad to say about The Good Egg, just nothing good.  Not when there are places like Palatte and Switch.  So for those mornings when you just want to get in and fill your belly, go for it!
I had the pleasure of dining at the North side Cafe on Monday, August 19th. The food was delicious ~ I was very pleased with the Seared Pacific Salmon. Very gourmet! My friend really enjoyed the Chicken Milanese and there was plenty of it!  \n     I also partook in a mean drink made by Peter, the bartender. These drinks are well worth your $$$ ~ my pineapple margarita was high quality at a very good price. I will be sure to return soon!!!
VERY VERY good froyo place!!!  I love that you do it yourself but mixing your own flavors and topping.  0.47\/ounce makes it a bit expensive, especially when you have no idea of weight as you fill your monstrous cup.  I ends up with over a little over 12 ounces.. :X  opps!  The strawberry\/banana was the fav as I'm not a super tart girl.
I can't give a review as I wanted to try their cronuts. But they don't serve it until 9am. WHY!? I need my cronuts....... I will have to come back the next time I am in town.
I found Queen of Maids on Angie's List.  They are listed with an A rating with over 400 reviews.  The price was perfect as well for what I needed.  The cleaning team arrived right at the start of the time window I was given.  Bonus points.  The first thing I noticed was how well put together the team was.  They were not dressed in uniforms or wearing super casual clothes.  I would say they were wearing more of a business casual look.  Very impressive.  My wife took over and explained what we were looking for, mainly bathroom cleanings (3 full baths, one with bath tub and separate shower).  I was expecting things to be clean and after inspection, I noticed areas I hadn't even considered being cleaned looking fantastic, such as the base boards.  They can get kind of dirty where the hand towel hangs from water dripping down and then later collecting dust and stuff.  Honestly, the baseboards all look brand new now.  They also cleaned the kitchen and all of the appliances including inside the microwave.  Everything shined bright and clean.  We also have a lot of tile floor and the mop job they did was amazing.  Not a single spot on the floor from stuck on food or anything.  I've tried on my own and have to get a scraper or something to get the stuck on food off after a long week of cooking dinners and stuff, kids making messes and so on.\n\nOverall, best cleaning service we've ever had and will for sure be using them again in the future.
Wound up here completely by accident.  I can honestly say it's the greatest accident I've ever had.  Intimate atmosphere but lively, great service (didn't hold not speaking French against us) and the food was out of this world.  I would have paid double and still been happy.  Simply amazing.  It's byob so make sure to bring some wine! The foie gras is not to be missed.
Kris and I have been here several times now, and we've got nothing but great things to say about this place. This Egg Works in Henderson consistently has great food and outstanding service. There hasn't been an egg-dish yet that we haven't enjoyed, and the country potatoes are also crisp, full, and savory! A special shoutout to our server Jodi and her speedy service; here's hoping you make it to Disneyland!
I love this place, it was one night when we were bar hopping. We could not find a place and finally this place. It has a really private entrance so you can definitely miss it. But over all we had an amazing time.
By far cheapest place to get iPhone screen fixed, and saved $10 by using online scheduling! Jack was very informative & nice, phone done as promised 1 hour limit, best part made appt online and was able to get in same day! Don't go to mall for phone screen this is the best deal & service in Charlotte! A++
Slower than expected service on a late Saturday afternoon. Cocktails were delicious and sandwiches weren't too bad! Great view if you grab a back patio seat.
Cool indie place for comfort food (gyros, fries, burgers) in a solid neighborhood. You order at the counter and they bring it to your table. Employees are friendly and efficient. Decent selection of beers (bottle and draft). Not a lot of seating, and it's somewhat pricey. Plenty of nearby free parking.
I'm giving this business 5 stars for two reasons. One, Collette is super awesome and sweet. She's one of those rare breeds that exudes a positive energy. It's hard to come by a genuine, honest person, that isn't trying to just make a buck off of you. \n\nShe answered any and all questions that I had, was thorough in explaining everything, and also helped me feel at ease, despite my vulnerable position of leaving my eyeballs in her hands, literally. Well, lashes, but, your eyeball is right there ya know. \n\nShe's super cool, laid-back, but also maintains her professionalism by keeping the appointment times (I know that should be a given, but, I've had some bad experiences), and being extremely fair if she's late or running behind to not jip you the time that you lost. She was running about 5 minutes late on my second appointment due to a client, but she gave me the extra 5 minutes to be fair. I really appreciated that she was respectful to her previous client, and myself, and to the one after by letting them know that she was running 5 minutes late. \n\nOh, the second reason, I almost forgot, is that she's got a lot of experience and did an amazing job on my lashes. I want to say that her prices aren't low, but, you pay for what you get. She recently moved to a well-lit and nicer studio, and I feel a lot better going here now that she's getting settled at a wonderful salon.
The people that run the restaurant are very friendly, and the food is great.  The Pad Thai is some of the best I've ever had, with the medium heat level it was perfect.  The crab Rangoon are crispy and tasty and the Tom yum soup is good as well
They can be a bit slow on the service at this location but overall who can beat a great wing place like Native New Yorker. Having said that, the patio is a joke. Don't bother with that. Eat in the bar. Much better atmosphere there.
Great food--went in during breakfast hours and then they changed it to lunch (even better). Basically, I had brunch for the price of breakfast. The food was delicious-- I'm giving a 4 stars because the server takes a while to bring us our drinks and refill.\n\nOverall, the food was worth the money and I will definitely be back when I'm in Vegas!
Sakana on elliot was busy on this friday visit.  The waitresses were all very helpful (and beautiful) and plenty of them to serve us.  We started with some green tea, and edamame.  Nice size portion on the starter (twice the size of Ra).  For sushi, we had the salmon - which is in the style of Jiro- salmon layed over the cupped sushi rice - delicicious!.  Then we moved to our sushi rolls - the rainbow roll was fantastic - salmon, tuna, shrimp, guac, all very fresh.  The california roll was excellent also.  We had the baked crab roll - which I have to say was not my favorite - supposed to be scallap and crab baked over a cali roll.  All in all, we definitely enjoyed our dinner and will return.
I am a 1-person small business. I became aware of Laser Specialists a few years ago when I was considering the purchase of an all-in-one copier\/scanner. Lance graciously took the time to discuss my options with me. I was impressed with his knowledge, professionalism and truth in products. I have used him ever since to maintain my current printer. He and his staff provide a GREAT! service.
This place keeps going downhill. \nWent tonight for the first time in a while. Drinks are no longer included in the price. It was the one advantage they had over Golden Corral. But not anymore. Golden Corral's hot food is fresher and much better tasting. Old Country has a slightly better salad bar. \n\nThe worst offender is the carving station. The roast beef is usually a dried out husk. Once or twice in the last decade was it actually pink in the middle. I guess the chef doesn't know roast beef shouldn't be well done. \n\nTonight I had a coke, a small salad, some dried out roast beef with mashed potatoes, a piece of fried chicken, some zucchini, some acorn squash, and a piece of pecan pie. Not worth $16. \n\nLunch is worse than dinner. Crappy pizza, grilled cheese sandwiches, hot dogs etc..\nIt's one thing to serve cheap slop, but when the slop isn't even that cheap, it's not worth going anymore.
Yummm!  I don't know if they're putting caffeine or heroin in these icy treats, but I am completely addicted!  Yes, theyre a little pricey considering it's just ice and syrup but it's delicious none the less.  Others have mentioned that the staff is rude but in my experience they weren't exactly charismatic but I wouldn't say rude. Maybe abrupt is the right word?  However,  every time I've gone the line of customers practicality went out the door, so they probably don't have time to show any personality.  There's an older gentleman who works there who is extremely friendly and welcoming. .owner perhaps? When you go,  make sure you ask for a punch card tho because the staff never offers. I probably bought 20+ ices before I noticed a small sign on the counter offering the card. BTW, their fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade is phenomenal!  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they don't accept credit\/debit cards.  But especially during these brutal AZ summer months,  I highly recommend a visit or 2..or 3..
We were in Vegas for vacation with our 2.5 year old. She loved it here especially the water works room. She also loved the tower and slide. It's in a beautiful area...I initially went to the old location, the new place is much better. I would recommend going early since it fills up quick. We left around 11:30 and the line was out the door. \n\nMy five star rating is for the nap my daughter took after the museum!
This place is absolutely amazing!  The food and service is great and the ambience was even better.  Spoke to the owner, very nice Gentleman.  Great experience!
The worst slowest fast food dive I have ever been to wait 20 min to order as the cashier just dose not care about the line of people and one I get up to order he says there out of change so I waisted a whole morning waiting on nothing in a place that shovels out fast food this place needs new manager or owner running it because it fails at what it is
Great service, great quality FRESH dough and ingredients.  My family always loves coming here to this great neighborhood pizzeria.  Everyone always seems to have a smile at this place.  All that, wrapped into what I consider to be the best quality for the price of any pizza joint around, keep it up guys!
I would give a 5 star for the awesome staff and how much you get for the price, UNFORTUNATELY the recent change of daycare hours took a huge hit on my appreciation for this gym. Their child care was the main reason I chose this gym, but now that school is out,  the worst time possible to change daycare hours,  they have NO daycare from 1pm-4pm! Those are the main hours to go to the gym in the scorching summer for us moms with kids! Looks like I may have to change gyms now,  or else just get fat again, haven't decided which yet...\n****EOS please fix this problem,  I'd rather you raise daycare prices than to be unable to go to the gym!!!!****
What a place.  Its a bit expensive so we cant go there all the time, but as a group of 5 we enjoyed this high end old school posh restaurant.  Our reservation was at 6:30 and we were seated almost immediately by a very courteous and attentive host, and fussed over by a team of excellent professional wait staff.  This was truly a great culinary adventure because we were celebrating my fathers birthday, so this just added to a special night for all of us.  The menu is very diversified and there is something for everyone.  Starting with the complimentary appetizers, brought to the table which include garlic bread, pickles and cottage cheese, everything was fresh and the flavors were strong and outstanding.  Mmmm the garlic, gotta love it and its great for vampire repellent too.  Dual purpose appetizers always float my boat.  Moving on to the salads, they were good, but when you go to a steak house the salad isnt the main event, as the late John Pinette once said, "salad is the promise that real food is coming".  And that it did.  Large juicy portions of prime rib for the parents, cooked to perfection.  Its been a while since i have seen such attractive plates with grilled veggies on the side and a slab of cow that would make native Albertans proud.  Dont forget the baked potato on the side slathered in sour cream.  This made for some happy parents to have this meal bestowed upon them.  For the wife, she had the Steak Neptune, again cooked to perfection and topped with seafood and a lovely Hollandaise sauce with beautiful seasonal veggies on the side.  My son decided to be adventurous and try something new to him and picked the penne pasta topped with tomato sauce and grilled chicken.  Now, i have to say, when you are at a steak house, pasta does not even register with me.  However, once you try this, you will change your mind.  He loved it and it was cooked to perfection.  I had to try a sample of it just to see for myself and this dish is a winner.  The sauce was tangy and permeated with parmigiana cheese, the pasta cooked perfectly, and the sear on the chicken was perfect and yet so tender and juicy inside i may have to take a crack at this myself one day.  For myself, i had the Filet Mignon.  Once again they outdid themselves with this thick tender steak wrapped in bacon.  The sear was perfect and the lovely pink medium was spot on to my taste.  The veggies on the side, especially the red pepper just added to the experience which was topped off with a baked potato.  If you think thats it, well, there was also desert.  Now i myself did not take part in the desert menu, I was more than satisfied with the portions and the samples of others around me so i had to opt out, but I will say, the various deserts around the table were polished off with rave reviews from my fellow diners.  Next time i will have to save room for desert knowing that i may have missed out on something special.  Although its high end and expensive, you will want to treat yourself here for that special occaision when you want some over the top classy service and above average food.  5 stars is not enough for this place.  Thank you Ana, and Happy 72'nd Birthday Dad
This review is for the original ramen with the age gyoza combo for 12.99$. I am a huge noodles\/pasta fan. Their ramen is delicious but compared to bloor chain, this locAtion's broth seems less thick, although more people preferred the thicker broth, I like the lighter more as it doesn't tired u so much with their packed of the flavour, I picked the thick noodles over the thin noodles, adding pork and nori on top= to perfection in my opinion, anything else u want to add in ur bowl, it will be extra money. \n\nIn my opinion, the bowl of noodles is quite small, I feel like Ajisen Ramen have a bigger portion, therefore I wasn't filled with the combo at all and I'm just a girl lol.... nonetheless, it was delicious so I won't complain too much about the size. \n\nThe gyoza was very juicy and delicious served over some orangey sauce with gives it a lil kick. I really like it and this is a regular portion instead of a smaller portion for their side dish with their ramen combo \n\nThe decor of this place is nice, staff greet u loudly and clearly to welcome their guest and say good bye loudly when u leave their restaurant. The bad thing about this place is the sitting, their small table for 2 is uncomfortable and their chair are all hard so my bum bum hurt lol... but I guess they are trying to aim that Japanese theme...\n\nI heard they have Tuesday special for 5$ a bowl or something? I have yet to witness it myself.\n\nUpdating this in the future :)
If you are looking to have your pool drained, bead blasted, acid washed, and water features restored, Michael Hanley the owner of Total Tile and Pool Restoration will be the guy that does your pool with incredible results!  Michael was the first to respond to my queries to three different pool services.  \n\nHe showed up early to check out our pool.  He was incredibly knowledgable and assessed my pool and came up with a total fair estimate within a few hours of our assessment.  We immediately accepted.\n\nMichael showed up on time and was incredibly thoughtful and courteous throughout.  His attention to detail is indicative of the fact that this is his reputation that is on the line.   Bottom line, my pool is like new and the results far exceeded my expectations.  He is an incredibly hard worker who will do whatever it takes to make sure you are more than pleased.\n\nI actually asked him to do some additional work at a very fair price because he did such a good job.  \n\nHonestly, this is the guy you want to work on your pool.  Don't settle for someone who shows up and then has his crew do the work.  Michael is the one in my Rolodex now--okay I don't have a Rolodex but he is in my Contact list to call for pool help!   :)
It's been awhile since I've been here and I almost forgot how great of a place this is. I ordered a few things, but one of the new items I tried was the Shrimp with Cream Sauce...ohh emm gee! Amazing sauce!!! I asked what kind of veggies it came with: mushrooms, snow peas, celery, carrots, cabbage, and broccoli. I'm not too big on some of the veggies, but the whole thing just went well together. Please try if you haven't...it's so GOOD!
Im not sure if it gets better than this but we shall see when i go back LDW... I went here this past Sunday and AFrojack (sexiest dj ever) was there...The line wasnt that bad maybe 5 minutes tops and we already had tickets so maybe that helped... We got our hotel guest wristband and they searched our purse and BOOM BOOM POW the partying begins!!! We were shuffling all frigin day poolside, in the pool by the DJ and everything...DJ R3HAB started it off really nice. There was a good ratio of girls and guys and plenty HOTS and not too many NOTS...My entertainment other than music was laughin at the cowboy hat guy and these two muscular dudes dancing 24\/7 with pink shades on lol....I swear a corona was $10 which was funny being from TN where than can be like $2 but oh well....good times
A little girl sits happily for a picture with cheeks puffed up filled with food. It's fat fries and sticking out of her face. \n\nFast forward 16 years and I'm sitting with the BF late night at a fatburger and there was no happy grinning girl here.\n\nHe ordered a medium burger, no veggie toppings, add cheese, add egg, add chili. \n\nI got a medium with everything and added egg and cheese.\n\nWe shared fat fries.\n\nWhat we ended up getting was two medium burgers with everything topping, one with egg.\n\nNo chili, no cheese, no other egg. Well, I look at the receipt later and we never ordered the extra egg or cheese on mine, but we did get charged for chili cheese for the BFs burger so it was the right order for him (for the most part). I guess the extra egg part didn't get heard for his. Still, the chili cheese was he was mainly after. \n\nTwo very different burgers and was the only order on the pas....really, it wasn't hard to make them correct. I think it's a lack of attention to detail since the order wasn't made right (it was dry, overcooked) and then  the burger wasn't made even to what the ticket said. Sure we can have went back to get a refire, but to go back to the restaurant and then wait again for new burgers- we didn't have the time. Went for fast food since we needed fast food. \n\nThe BF was sick. When he's sick he can drive me nuts about food and when food isn't right and he is hungry and sick he gets so pissed and then makes him feel worse. \n\nWhat an awful dinner this was.\n\nI have been a loyal fatburger fan since I was a kid. It actually was my reward for a good spelling test in elementary since I loved it so much. As an adult, I prefer grabbing a turkey burger with egg over any other fast food burger. Most of the LV casino locations really don't care. This is not the first time I felt it was less than stellar (usually overcooked) but this was the worse service so far.\n\n After tonight, I think I am done being a fan. Goodbye Fatburger. Hello In-N-Out, thanks for being consistent.
Cesar from tire has exceptional customer service. I come here more then I should for tire service but when you have bad lucky with tires i have no choice . Tire mart is always clean and well air condition facility. The crew here is amazing !
They have really good pizza and pepp rolls and lets not forget the CANOLI....oh boy they are WONDERFUL. The cookies on the other hand are pretty bad. They dont have alot of taste and I felt that they could have been so much better for the price they are asking.
Decent place near Sheppard station when in the mood for some Persian food takeouts. Kebab platter portion is quite big, generous amount of rice and meat. lightly seasoned, not charred and greasy, healthy eating.
I love this place & truly want to give it 5 stars but it truly is a solid 4. It's the best italian food in the area by far, but by no means is this great italian food.  \n\nThe service was friendly & the place is nice & cozy. We had the fradiavolo & the lasagna, both of which we enjoyed & would have again.  Luckily we came on a wednesday evening which happened to be half-price wine bottle night. This is probably their best feature, every bottle on their menu is half off, no matter the listed price. And their selection is easily one of, if not the best selection of italian wines in the area.  \n\nThe night we were there they also had some live music going, I'm usually grumpy & stay away from bars & restaurants that have live music since it's loud & interrupts conversations with my fellow guests, but this was nice and did well to add to the ambiance of the restaurant.  \n\nOverall, I'm happy to recommend this place & look forward to returning to this neighborhood gem.
If all you want to read is this first sentence, then here's all you really need to know: try their weekend brunch and order the Tofu Scramble. \n\nTofu is one of those ingredients that half the world lives in fear of. Another small percentage of the population will brag about the tofu salad they had at lunch, though we all know they had to choke it down. There are then people who have experienced tofu done right and thus genuinely love the stuff. Trust that after trying the Tofu Scramble at Mickey's, you will fit into the latter group of the tofu world. \n\nWhat makes this tofu so wonderful is that it's marinated in peanut butter. It's special. A common complaint with this often dismissed soy product is its tendency to taste bland if not prepared correctly. When it's cooked up at Mickey's with just the right amount of rich peanut butter, this worry is null and void. Add to this flavor packed mixture some sautéed spinach, sweet red pepper, and red onion and it's no wonder this dish is known for winning over anti-tofu folks. The fresh produce cuts the intensity of the peanut buttered tofu and offers great contrast in terms of color and texture as well. \n\nThough it's only served Saturday and Sunday, the Tofu Scramble is so wonderful you'll be craving it all week long.
I LOVE this neighborhood restaurant. The best sushi roll on the menu is the Thai Tuna Roll. It's delicious! My husbands go-to menu choice is the ribs. They are consistently amazing. Do yourself a favor and order the red cabbage and goat cheese as one of your side dishes. This seasonal favorite is available in the winter only.
I had the worst fish taco's of my life here.\n\nWe started with chips and salsa, and we kept finding what looked like short curly hairs in the salsa.  We sent it back three times.  I didn't eat it after the first time I found that.\n\nThe bar wasn't bad though.  The drinks were good, the staff was friendly.  Although the bar and the restaurant are owned by different people so it's a logistical nightmare to get a drink in the restaurant or food in the bar.\n\nAnd then, to top it off I was in the bar the last night of my stay and I was verbally accosted by one of their sales people who made fun of my appearance (I had my hair pulled back and no make up on) and then proceeded to boo the band from at the bar.
This place is good if the weather permits. If it is super hot or super cold dont go. Its all out doors. I like the south one more because it is indoors.
Super fun place for drinks.  If this review was based on cocktails alone it would be a higher rating.  That being said,  the food is good but not amazing.  It is a little steep for the food you actually get. \n\nThe ambience on the other hand is lovely. Very dark and intimate, giving it a very 20's speak easy feel.  The bartenders strike the perfect balance of being interactive but not nosy. The servers we have had are also lovely. After several rounds of drinks and shared plates we were sent a digestif  which was nice. \n\nDefinitely a place we will return to if we are hosting friends,  but not a contender to be a regular stop.
Love the Aiello's concepts!   Went for dinner and had the traditional burger and it was awesome! The burger was cooked to perfection with a flavorful charr crust and placed on a homemade garlic knot bun.  The truffle fries were sensational!  My  sister had the grilled chicken sandwich with grilled vegetables which was also delicious.  The veggies were grilled perfectly and seasoned to perfection. The bread was warm and had a nice crunchy crust.   Love the open kitchen and the atmosphere in the restaurant; very warm and welcoming.   Service was excellent!   Will definitely return to try other entrees.
Went for Valentines Day.  Had to wait a while even with a reservation. They apologized and gave us free drinks.  I do agree that the bread and butter could use more flavor but other than that the rest was amazing.  We got the crab cakes as an appetizer.  Can i say YUM!  For the entree I had the lamb, which was good, but my boyfriends filet mignon was even better.  Those two entrees came with mashed potatoes and steamed veggies included.  On top of that we got the creamed corn and truffle fries.  This was a lot for the two of us.  We could have got away without truffle fries but we really wanted to try them. ;)
Had I known that eating vegan could be this delicious I would have stopped eating meat a long time ago. I had the Curry "Chicken" with veggies and it was absolutely delicious. Simple set up, quaint and unassuming Green New American is a breath of fresh air to the idea of eating vegetarian or vegan. I hope to see more restaurants like this turn up in the Phoenix area, where the possibilities of eating vegetarian is not so inconvenient.
Decor is beautiful, although seating is a bit crowded.  Waited weeks to get an 8 o'clock reservation on a Saturday night, so we were all excited when we finally arrived.  Server was attentive, good.  FOOD was so disappointing.  Calamari appetizer greasy and mushy.  Soggy flatbread.  Burger was good, couldn't taste the egg on top, don't know why it was added.  We left not just hungry but angry.  Wondering why its so crowded?  This was one hard check to pay.
Love Kate's Korner!!  Always a must stop to get a one-scoop of ice cream.  I love how they still serve ice cream the old-fashion way, since Rite-Aid and Thrifty are no longer in Vegas :(  They always have my favorite flavors: cookie dough, rocky road, spumoni and mint chocolate chip.  Some of the original flavors of ice cream!!
Excellent service and great pizza. Employees are personable and don't skimp on ingredients. Pizzas consistently come out great. If you like thin crust, highly recommended.
I am giving it a 5 star because this place has the best of what they call a bun kabob. It is awesome and the paratha wrap with chicken is awesome.  \n\nThe best part of this place?  The owner is a great lady who greets you with a big smile and treats you very well and treats you as if she is your auntie :)  \n\nThis place needs to improve on cleanliness.
last sunday we were going to give it a try and the smell of a dirty rug had us turn at the door !!!
Fantastic!! You can really taste the difference when compared to a chain fro yo place. The staff is friendly! The decor is very artsy and welcoming! Had a chance to meet the owner as well and he was awesome!
This place is excellent for authentic Mexican food. For two people, we  ordered 2 empanadas, taco dish and 2 sweet tamales and it was all really good. Everything was fresh and the meat in particular was flavourful and tender. Definitely one of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to in Toronto.
My absolute favorite place to eat pizza! The rest of their menu is really good also. I love starting off with their Ceasar salad and I usually wash it all down with their Peroni on tap.
Absolutely amazing! We spend 4 hours here and racked up quite a bill but it was a great evening with amazing food and amazing service. The seasonal menu offers lots of interesting options. The homemade bread is wonderful and the cheese board is delicious. Also delicious is the cold corn soup, the eel which is one of their signature dishes and the duck which is large enough on it's own as a meal. Most other plates are good for sharing as they are small so you can try lots of different things. The desserts were delicious and very interesting. We had the blueberry which has candied mushrooms, it actually works together well and the buckwheat chocolate dessert which was so amazing and interesting. We also had a few cocktails which were delicious as well. The service was truly amazing and the staff was so nice explaining the foods and giving us recommendations and always made sure we had water. Superb experience!
I'm a huge BWW fan but this is the only location where I receive great service every visit! The blazin wings and fries are my fav! The servers are always generous to me, wish the food wait wasn't so long but it's worth the wait (:
I was excited when I found out that they were going to put a Citi Trends on my side of town. But if I didn't drive past that place every day to work, then I never would have known that they were finally open.\n\nSo I finally made my way in and stopped through one day after work and I wasn't impressed with the selection of clothes like I was at the one located on Rancho. If you read my review for their Rancho location, you know that I was impressed with the number of actual name brand (not knock offs) selection that they had. This one seemed to have more no name brands for cheap like other discount stores.\n\nThe shoe selection here is huge though. Shoes for days. And very well organized. Not a complete mess like other stores can be.\n\nI am a fan of their housewares because they carry more Afrocentric designs and are very reasonable priced. \n\nI would come back to shop here. Just more likely for my son or if I want a new item to decorate my  house with.
Well, I waited an hour and 45 minutes with some very friendly people in line on a hot Monday afternoon where I had very little else today. Let me just say that the Madeline's are amazing. Well worth the wait. Not much at first but they leave you wanting another right away. Sweet with a nice crunch around the edge. As for the cheesecake I'm on my way home to try it. It's currently warming my lap on the streetcar. Smells amazing!
I think the food itself is 3.5. I'm a frequent customer and always get the small soup + noodles. The noodle thing is basically a small cup of noodles, that you just dump into your soup.\n\nI tend to find there is always too much broth, or maybe it's because I'm a noodle eater. You know, kinda like cereal where there's milk left and no cereal? Anyways, they solve the problem with this menu item.\n\nThey also sell bubble tea, which I would rate as 3.5 to 4.0. It's not overtly sweet like most places.\n\nTheir service is better than most pho places, and the place looks clean and nice. The bathrooms could use some remodelling.\n\nThey only accept cash and either credit\/debit. I can't remember which one they don't accept.
I give 5 stars to King Key Locksmith (KKL) today because I was helped at the time requested, Joey was very nice to do business with, his cost was very reasonable, and I feel that if I do have any issues concerning the product purchased, Joey (or KKL) would not hesitate in making sure I am satisfied before leaving. I do not take critiquing businesses lightly. Thanks Joey.
FIrst things first....I loved the blue and white decor--very Greek! And the service was excellent. I ordered the Spanakopita(and learned how to pronounce it!), a flaky pastry filled with spinach and feta cheese, and the Tiropita, a flaky pastry filled with creamy cheese. I can say only that they were good, but not great. (Having just experienced the Las Vegas Greek Food Festival, I couldn't help comparing and I liked the Spanakopita and Tiropita I had there better). I also ordered the Babaganoush. It, also, was good, but not great. There was that slightly bitter aftertaste that I often detect in Babaganoush. So, while I would give this restaurant 5 stars for it's charming decor and attentive servers, the food earns only 3 stars from me. However, the decor may lure me back to try their Pasticcio(Greek lasagna). And THAT will either make it or break it!
This is the best pizza in town!  The prices are reasonable and the staff if very friendly and attentive.  I highly recommend the garlic knots as an appetizer.  You will not be disappointed. We always get the thin crust and love, love, love this pizza.  They have cold beer and lots of tv's so go spend an evening you will not regret.
Club Paradise is your average gentleman's club... Most of the girls are good looking some aren't.... Most are friendly, some aren't... yada yada\n\nWhat I like about the club is the proximity of the stage to the tables.  It has a very cozy feel from the time you walk through the door to sit down till ya leave.  The staff is friendly and the music is decent.
We came in during happy hour and tried salmon jalapeño poppers and seafood pancake appetizers.  The poppers were awesome!! The pancakes were good.  Be sure to have the shrimp along with the bulgogi it was the our fave of the beef.  We also had the toro and kalbi.  Happy hour prices are definitely worth the trip!
Excellent espresso. Lovely large outdoor seating area and free wi-fi =)
Date night with the hubby. We've been to Nora Gray several times and it never disappoints. Tonight I ordered the shrimp antipasto, the special orecchiette pasta and the wild boar. Each dish was delicious. Sadly my eyes were bigger than my stomach and I couldn't finish the wild boar or try the desserts (which all sounded great). My husband was just as pleased with his order of meatballs, squid ink pasta w crab, and quail. The service was good but I thought the dishes came out a tad too quickly. E.g. We arrived at 9:15 and we're eating our last course by 10:15. Overall though Nora Gray is one of my favourite Montréal restaurants.
Fixed our tire in under 20 minutes and were super nice! Thankful that they're open on a Sunday!
Worse Service Department Ever. \nHorrible Communication. \nIt takes them all day to do am oil change even when you have an appointment. \nIt took them 2 days to recharge my AC.\nEvery single time I have work done there, I have to meet with a warranty\/finance manager because they can never seem to find my aren't in the computer.
I came here on wing night where the humongous wings were $0.80 each and boneless wings were $0.60 each. When I say humongous I mean 3 inches long wings. It was fabulous. The minimum order was 10 which wasn't a bad deal. When we asked for dusted and they weren't as breaded as other places. The skin still had a nice crisp though but we had to ask for more sauce, especially for the honey garlic. The wings aren't tossed but drizzled on. We also got chipotle BBQ as well, both sauces were tasty. Our hostess\/waitress was really nice and served us well.\n\nI will definitely be returning here when I have a wing craving!
So I have two confessions: 1. I do not like gin and 2. I have never tried Hendrick's.....see number 1. \n\nWe started the evening off with a gin and tonic from the bar. I was anticipating handing off my gin and tonic to my husband. However, the first sip was just so smooth! It wasn's that pine needle taste that I remembered! Absolutely delish. \n\nThe event was held upstairs and everyone had their own individual station set up with stirrers, glasses, juices, lemons, juicers, syrups, garnishes, etc. Very nicely set up. I loved hearing about the history of Hendrick's and what goes into making gin. \n\nThe three cocktails we made were a cucumber lemonade, a blueberry green tea lemonade, and a punch. All were really good! I think my favorite was the punch because of the balance between sweet and bitter.....plus, the giant ice cube in the punch bowl was just fun!\n\nThanks Dandelion and Hendricks for hosting us. It was an incredible event and I am so glad to have had the opportunity to attend! You guys made me into a gin drinker!
Ordered online 11:30am\nReceived confirmation email. \nTracker said Cory fired up the pizza. \nTracker showed no progress, attempted to refresh page. Could not pull up the tracker again. Online said there is no order attached to my phone number.  Called location 3 separate times, waited a total of 11min with no answer. \nIt is now 2:20pm and order never arrived.  \n\nWill no longer be ordering from here, ever.
Forget what you know about Vegas Buffets! This is a whole new take, that will leave you just as full but with gourmet food. Plenty of food prepared on individual plates that look like they were plated by a chef. the attention to detail is incredible, and just when you think it couldn't get better they food choices change after we were there about an hour. I could tell you about individual item I ate but it would be pointless because they are constantly changing. What I can tell you is that its always fresh and every cuisine is represented. The Asian choices were the best asian buffet food I have ever come across!\n\nWicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and make sure you follow the signs it is a walk but it's worth it and after your done eating you'll need to walk it off.
You get what you give.\nWent online looking for discount hotels in the Cleveland area. ABVI was listed for 50.00\nWe arrived, check in was going reasonably fast until I got hit with the price. 70.oo !\nI explained that it was online for around 50.oo.\nAfter showing it to her on my phone she honored it plus took another 5.oo off for the inconvenience. The total with tax was just over 50.oo.\nThe room is very clean, the bed is comfy and the a.c. is working well (and very quiet)\nGreat Customer Service.\nAnother Satisfied Customer !
Yeah, it definitely feels weird to rate a cemetery. But at least it's the nicest cemetery in the city.\n\nMount Pleasant is in that nice area of uptown where there are lots of street level shops but you can still see that there was once grass beneath all the concrete. The area already has a lot of gorgeous public parks (especially around Lawrence) but Mount Pleasant takes the cake for gorgeous.\n\nI have a couple family members buried here (mostly in the indoor portion) but I do love walking through the area and exploring. Definitely creepier at nighttime (and a much higher possibility of getting lost in the huge space), but it's actually kind of pretty during the day.\n\nIf you live in Toronto and have never been to Mount Pleasant, it's definitely something you should see, because everyone knows at least one person buried here (even if it's just the people who owned Eatons).\n\nFor tourists, if you can get over the fact that it's a cemetery, it's definitely a nice peaceful day trip, in a really nice part of town.
Fish was horrible it looked old the color was dark. I had to stop eating because I was afraid I'd get food poison. I knew the fish was old by the time the uni came out I eat uni ALL THE TIME so when it arrived at my table and the color was off I knew I had to get up and leave. NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO TO THIS PLACE. If I could give this no stars I would but I can't.
Definitely one of the best buffets in Vegas! I think it was $32 per person this past MDW but I'm not exactly sure.. The normal price is around $27.99 for their dinner buffet.. I really liked the setup of this restaurant because every section was clearly labeled and it was easy to find the cuisine that you were craving.. They had a Middle Eastern, Mexican, Asian, American, Seafood, Salad, Italian, and Dessert section.. I tried their chicken and beef tacos, sushi, shrimp cocktail, king crab legs, prime rib, and apple pie.. Everything tasted great and I definitely had a good experience at this buffet.. For the price and quality I would say it's worth it to come dine here
I'm not a Asian food guy. \nSomeone said it was pretty good & \nI had $150 food comps to burn so I gave it a try. \nWon ton soup was excellent. \nHad shrimp & mushrooms & \nSomething else. Forgot. \nWalnut shrimp was pretty good too. \nA dish I've never had b4. \nSauce tasted a lil msyonaissey. \nMaybe it was supposed to. \nWho knows. \nService was excellent.
This place is fantastic! Everything I have had is simply delicious and I literally wake up some mornings craving their clams, black cod, Sun roll and salmon! The GF BF and I really can't get enough Yasu that just writing this makes me want to go there for dinner tonight!\n\nDon't forget to try the whole list I already mentioned plus the eggplant (either way it is prepared), live scallop if they have it, the jidori skewers, kumomoto oysters and the black snapper! \n\nSeriously amazing!
If you're going to treat yourself to just one buffet during your trip to Las Vegas, this would not be my choice.\n\nIt's fairly standard, as far as Las Vegas buffets go.  There is a large variety, the quality is decent, and the service is quite good.  But overall, I would say it is nothing overly special, at least when compared to other options in Las Vegas.  \n\nFor me, one of the main reasons to try a buffet is to sample various deserts that you may not find anywhere else.  The desert options here were a bit lacking and uninspired.  I suspect most of the deserts are pre-packaged.
Doctor is amazing & he's kinda handsome so that's a plus. \n\nThe staff is incredible. Especially Erica, she's very Helpful in trying to fit me in. It's extremely hard to get an appointment especially with the hygienist because they are always so busy! So I suggest to book cleanings in advance. But the hygienist is a doll! Very gentle with my chompers!
Had I yelped this buffet before shelling out the cash, I might not have found myself sitting at the table wondering whether the executive chef graduated from the Culinary Institute of Hometown.
Was in Cleveland for the Weapons of Mass Creation Fest and was told about Gypsy.  All I had was a coffee and a scone both were good.  I over heard people raving about the sandwiches.  On my list of places to eat.
20 minutes in the line and no sign of movement, at 10 am. What the hell?! Fortunately the cars behind us backed out of the line so we could bail. Never again at this location.
Alma from the framing dept. went above and beyond customer service. She deserves an award. Thank you for the extremely quick turn around and excellent quality of craftsmanship.
If you like sports and Chicago grub then this is your place, period. Upon walking in, I immediately noticed the plentiful flat screens everywhere I turned. I must have counted 40 flat screen TVs. There are several sections of Half Moon Sports Grill, including a back room with a stage that would make for a good private event. I truly is the perfect location for a sports game. \n\nBesides the massive amounts of TVs and plenty of seating, Half Moon Sports Grill also has good food! Owned by Chicago natives, this is your one-stop-shop for Windy City eats. I've enjoyed their pizza, Italian Beefs and sausages, all of which are flavorful and filling. It's perfect food to enjoy while watching a sporting event and enjoying a beer or three. They have a spacious bar and sit-down seating, so you could either come with your family or come with friends.
This store is the best. Every time I go there, there is a Great helpful young man always working. Very helpful staff and overall friendly store:)
I'm so glad I found Las Vegas Balloon Rides when my girlfriend and I visited Vegas last week. It was our 10 year anniversary so I wanted it to be special. Let me just say that Doug (owner and pilot) was very helpful through the whole process - nice, funny, and accommodating (helped mount my GoPro on the balloon) from the phone call to the day of.  \n\nThe ride itself was serene and breathtaking. It's hard to explain what it feels like to be in a hot air balloon. I expected it to be unstable when I saw it up close given the fact that you're standing in a wooden basket attached to a huge piece of cloth(!), but it was nothing of the sort. Smooth sailing the whole time - you don't even realize you're in the air until you look straight down, and even then it's more awe than fear. \n\nLV Balloon Rides gave us the best price in the city, and with it we got a pilot who has been in the business for 30+ years (at least). I recommend it wholeheartedly.
Stopped by to try it out after hearing about it from a friend. I tried the Trail Blazer on a wheat wrap with turkey. I was excited by the trail mix and it didn't disappoint. I usually hate cream cheese but I loved this wrap! Definitely would recommend the variety of teas they have i got the Pomegranate Mojito tea that they had ready and it s perfect for this hot day.
Matt is the most honest guy in town.  My wife and I were so impressed on how truthful he was.  I called Matt to come clean my laundry exhaust vent after moving into our home for over a year.  We were not sure when the previous owners had the vent serviced.  Matt inspected my dryer and informed me that cleaning was not required.  He drove all the way to my house and didn't charge me any money as well as not push any unnecessary work.  I will definitely call him for any future needs.  I would give him 6 stars if I could.
This is exactly the kind of place where one goes to relax and unwind with friends and family.The place is huge with a separate bar area and outdoor seating.They have live music on weekends.\nI loved the fact that the booths in the dinning area were huge and comfortable with the music being just right making this place perfect for a good conversation.The ambiance is cozy and feel good.The servers are friendly,food is fresh and you can select a bunch of options from their happy hour menu for $4-$6.\nWe had the\nPub Fries served with 3-peppercorn ranch dipping sauce $3.95\nCrab & Seafood Cakes $5.95\n (crab and salmon coated with panko bread crumbs served with chipotle aioli some marinated tomatoes and arugula).The cakes were good but i wish they had just Crab cakes.\nHouse margarita $4\npint of beer $4\n\nThe happy hour menu has a good variety of food options but the drinks are awfully limited.\nWe also had the fish and chips(something i always order),they were served with fries and coleslaw.\nOverall a great place with free Valet.\n\nCheers!
So, a key broke in my front door lock.  I called many locksmith's to get quotes.   Most were over $120, ($50 service plus $60 or more for the job).\n\nCalled Benny at Lee's locksmith.   He quoted me $75 without seeing the problem.  He may have under quoted the job.  But he was willing to earn the business.   \n\nHe showed up with a smile and ready to work.  Took him about an hour to fix my lock n replace a few parts.  He wouldn't leave until it was perfect.  \n\nI liked his service and will definitely use him again.  The best locksmith in Vegas and I've used 2 so far but spoken to many.   \n\nThanks Benny
The most breathtaking golf club I have ever been too. The food, service and ambiance was stellar.  The spa is modern, spotless, relaxing and just beautiful.  We were actually here for a friends birthday party, so I didn't get to use the spa, but just walking through it was enough to make you dream about it!  The valet doesn't accept tips which is a nice classy touch.  The staff were very nice and happy to help answer any questions you had.
Pretty darn good! Bryan and I came here 3 times, twice in one day.\n\nOn our first visit, there was no line around 1pm on a Saturday! (Line got longer after us) I got a turkey sausage eggwich ($8). It was slightly above average. Sausage, egg, and brioche buns were fresh. Honey mustard aioli was tasty. They ran out of sluts, so we knew we had to come back...\n\nThe next day! There was a 15-20 min line around 12:30pm. Omg they were out of sluts again... but I was really happy with my gaucho sandwich ($15). The wagyu beef was so tender and juicy! It's a lot of meat--very filling. I highly recommend going for this one.\n\nLater at 6pm, we were determined to get our slut ($10). Hallelujah they had it! We broke the yolk and dipped our baguettes. Super yummy! The potato purée and coddled egg were the best combination. I love eggs and potatoes so this item was made for me. The mason jar (they reuse them so don't throw them away) was cute. I'm glad we finally got to try it before leaving Vegas :)\n\nSuggestions for improvement:\n-Serve water cups\n-Make more sluts so you don't run out
The atmosphere was comfortable; it's a place to bring the family. Isn't that what these chains are for anyways? You can be anywhere in the US and find a location; the only difference would be the local staff.\n\nI was not entirely satisfied with the quality of food. The broccoli was dry, bland and flavorless. The mash potatoes tasted like instant potatoes that you buy at the bottom of the isle in your local grocery store. \n\nThe Salmon had flavor and a pan-seared crisp to it. Though I did find a tiny bone, not much else to say for that, you'd be better off with a burger. Salmon was a mistake.\n\nThe chips, salsa and guac honesty, was the best item ordered. I recommend if you're looking for an appetizer. \n\nWhat was with those table iPads? Completely useless. They never described the purpose; it sat there taking up a huge part of the table, and we never used it. Maybe if the entire menu was viewable? \n\nOverall, can't say that I would recommend this place given the hundreds of other drivable restaurants in the area. So I give this place a merely two stars due to it's sub-par cookie-cutter quality.
It was a Tuesday morning at 10:30 am.  We had previously called and asked for the hours and was told 10am.  Unfortunately we arrived and there was no one here.   Multiple families were waiting and repeated calls - no one answered or called back.  Was getting ready to book a birthday party-will reconsider.
Outstanding customer service and the bikes aren't so bad either! The BMW warranty surpasses what I had experienced with Harley Davidson.
I feel like a such a fatty for writing a review here. But the fat kid in me loves cake! Chocolate ganache premade cake that is! And what a deal for $35 feeds 4-6. But seriously, it's more like 8. If I was to do it over again, I would have picked chocolate cake, chocolate ganache interior and exterior versus the butter cream. Now that's personal preference because their butter cream is incredible. As for the interior, makes for a nice gathering for tea. I'm going to stop my review short because the more I rave about this place, the lower my self-esteem seems to get.
This is usually my favorite Greek restaurant but the last time I was there was so disappointing. I got there 5 minutes before they opened but they let me in and took my order. More people came in and started ordering. They all started getting their food and I'm still sitting there waiting for my order. After waiting for 25 minutes(20 minutes after they are open), I asked them how much longer it was going to be. They said because I ordered before they opened, they didn't have the chicken prepared yet at the time I ordered so they were still waiting for the chicken(that makes no sense they start prepping at opening time and not before?) I asked if it took more than 20 minutes to cook chicken so she said she will check on it. I got my order almost 10 minutes later. I don't think it should take 30 minutes for a Greek salad with chicken and rice bowl with chicken. Specially when a party of about 10 people came in after I did are almost finished eating their food that they ordered after I did. I only gave them 3 stars because I like their food. Otherwise, it would've been 1 star
A friend and I went here on Friday for lunch and were unfortunately disappointed. Also unfortunate was the fact that we both ordered the same exact thing!  \n\nAnd that thing was the Pesto Chicken sandwich. The pesto seemed fresh and tasted pretty good, but the chicken was a little lacking in flavor and quite squishy. The sandwich just seemed to be lacking and was not memorable. I chose the potato salad as my side, and that was actually very good. \n\nFor an appetizer we had the Baked Artichoke Ramekin, and it was delicious. I'd definitely recommend that to start.\n\nThe space has gotten quite a face-lift since Mildred's closed, and it's lovely. The little bar in the back is a cozy little space to hide. Love it.\n\nService was fine. Our waitress was nice and our food didn't take too long.\n\nOverall, we weren't' too pleased with our visit, but will have to check it out again. The ladies sitting at a nearby table were gushing about the Spot Burger, which is something I'll likely try next time.
Well, I finally decided to do it. I own a 2014 Harley Davidson trike (Tri Glide) and just returned from a 2 week trip to Sturgis South Dakota and back. I rode over 3,400 miles through dirt, rain, mud, etc. you could only imagine the bugs. \n\nToday Allen came over and spent hours cleaning my bike. I originally chose just the regular, cheapest detail, but after seeing what he could do, I upgraded to include the polish. \n\nAfter Allen was done, I inspected the bike. I looked over every inch because I am a perfectionist when it comes to a clean bike and I'm paying good money to have someone else clean it. \n\nI was 100% satisfied. I was amazed at the attention to detail and the quality of work. You can see the pride Allen puts in to his work. Thank you sir for doing such a great job all while dealing with the 110 degree heat. I very much appreciate it and have already recommended your services to some friends.
My friend and I stayed at the resort for the weekend and wanted to take a break so we booked manicures. We both loved the ladies that did our manicures. The view was beautiful and made me remember how pretty Phoenix is. I was a little disappointed in the front desk and lack of professionalism. They told us to get there 15 minutes early and when we did the front desk people acted annoyed we were there early. Also both ladies were chomping on their gum and one lady came into the room we were getting our nails done at to do her hair. Overall I loved the manicures, but for a $45 manicure I would like the entire staff to be more professional.
Happened to be driving by & this caught my attention. My chili cheese dog craving was needing to be filled.  We each ordered their beef chili cheese dog which came with fries & also an order of onion rings. Hot dog was barely warm, chili was very flavorful but I just really don't enjoy almost cold hot dogs.  I used the leftover chili\/cheese to dip my fries in which was pretty good! Not planning on rushing back here, we just weren't "wowed
This company is absolutely the best. Prompt, professional, and so efficient. They schedule you asap, wrap up the service in record time, and it doesn't hurt that their prices are a fraction of everyone else's. As a DIYer I'd even shopped around for rentals, but their service is actually cheaper. Best of all, their contact number goes directly to the company's owner, Anthony, who almost instantly became my favorite customer care professional in the city; so genuine and helpful, I couldn't be more grateful. I truly wish his company covered every household service, I wouldn't even consider going to anyone else.
I used to go to this barbershop quite frequently. I do want to support businesses in Phoenix who are either gay owned and\/or gay friendly. This barbershop definitely does that and for this I commend them. However, I've had two miserable haircuts in a row. On top of that, I had asked them about their promotion that they routinely send emails about. I no longer new the number that was assigned to me when I registered. He could not help me with that. Puzzled I left. In any case, I don't think I will return.
We had the misfortune of staying at Circus Circus for one night a week ago. Luckily we discovered THE Steakhouse (thanks to the reviews on Yelp!). The quality of the steak was amazing, extremely tender and with an excellent flavor. The place is a great value too because unlike other steakhouses the entree comes with your choice of salad or soup, a veggie and your choice of startch (hubby had the rice blend and loved it and I had the baked potato also excellent). The service was top notch and the atmosphere retro, reminded me of some of the old school steakhouses in San Francisco.\n\nI would definitely recommend this place for those brave enough to walk through Circus Circus to get there! (It is worth though it I promise you).
Pizza is OK but the restaurant needs some adult supervision.  There were at least four, maybe six, employees yesterday evening around 6:30PM.  The "2 minute" pizza took 20 because nobody was preparing the pizzas.  Three employees were chatting up a storm with a group of teens that came in and did very little the entire time I was there.  My to go order was wrong - ingredients that I requested, and were read back to me by the person that took the order, weren't on the pizza.  The Caesar salad was nothing but lettuce - no cheese, no croutons, nothing but chopped lettuce and a tub of dressing.  Overall, average food and underwhelming service.  If you want to try it, better hurry because this restaurant will likely close in the next 6 months.
The service is great, everyone is extremely professional and nice. They put a ton of effort into their craft and do not slack off at all, the massage packages are pretty worth it, highly recommend visiting this spa.
If I could give this place negative stars I would,  the staff doesn't know how to approach animals safely,  the owner is nasty, fought with me for over an hour because her staff failed to call in a script and proceeded to tell me how much of an inconvenience it was,  I paid to have my dog seen?!?  The owner also proceeded to make up stories and argue with me on Facebook!!!!  Professional?!?  I think not.,  she told me good luck paying more for vaccinations,  I would rather pay more than have my dogs and myself treated this way,  PROCEED WITH CAUTION
I have to start off by saying that this is not the best buffet that I have ever tried; for that you would have to go to Vegas.  That said, I doubt that you will find a better buffet in the Phoenix area.  We ate outside with a nice view of the nearby mountains at sunset.  The food quality was very good, the variety was excellent, and the service prompt.  The desert bar is on par with the best I've seen anywhere.  For what you get, I found the pricing very reasonable.  Overall a very good experience.
my favorite chai latte in Phx\/ Scottsdale area. plus the $1 off for yelp customers is a great deal.
Honest to goodness review here. Been coming here for some time now and have enjoyed it for the most part... Today was a big ding in quality. Maybe it was the time frame (1 am) or maybe I just never noticed.\n\nI ordered a 911 and it was just not at all what I would call good in any sense. 6 shots of espresso with Irish cream. For the first time coming I wanted something with a punch.  For me that punch tasted like...  Burnt. Popcorn. It wasn't so awful that I couldn't drink it but enough to warrant a review finally. I've always ordered their flavor packed drinks... While good, are considerably overloaded with sugar that could have hindered the taste of the actual coffee. I suppose I could adjust it to my taste... But now I'm not sure I even want to go back anymore. I should have tasted it and asked for another or something different but I didn't.\n\nI don't know if it was an isolated experience or that that coffee naturally tastes like burnt popcorn and people just don't know cause they order drinks that mask it. I'll definitely be going back of course, if only to make sure it was just the one time I drank something with enormous regret. My stomach is in 100% agreement as well now.
Excellent customer service and repair. My computer was freezing with a blue screen and they found the issues and my computer has been working great since their repairs. Will definitely return for my future computer repairs.
Located right at the top of Mirvish Village, I often find myself here for essentials when it's too inconvenient to his Kensington or fiesta farms. \n\nSelection: lots of basics and, like other reviewers have noted, a good produce section for a small grocery. They even have prepackaged fresh herbs which I love. They also carry a huge selection of drinks plus lots of kombucha \n\nPrice point is standard for the area and the girls behind the counter are friendly. \n\nThe issue I have with this place is their lacklustre refrigeration. The freezers are not cold enough, and neither are the drink fridges which is frustrating, hence losing 2 stars. If they fixed that problem it would be much finer place to shop. As it is I always find myself popping over to the health food store next door for frozen food and perishable dips.
My bumper got dinged (her fault) and Allstate said I could take my car pretty much anywhere to be repaired was going to take it to the BMW dealer but after reading the reviews of Rics online I decided to give the family business a try.  Really glad I did friendly, professional, completed before promised and better than I could have asked for repair work.  Awesome business that I will recommend to everyone.   Way above and beyond. Thanks.
Being a HUGE Pizzaville fan and recently moved from Aurora to Richmond Hill we ordered in from this location for the first time this week. Now I know restaurants have bad days but unfortunately this experience was my first at this location and as a result I wont be coming back.\n\nI have been a Pizzaville customer for years with the same order every second Friday from the fantastic Aurora location. This experience though, was awful in comparison. The pizza here is more like your typical cheap pizza place (like Little Caesars). My experience with PizzaVille has led me to expect a better quality pizza than most that are out there. Usually you get a somewhat thin and crispy crust with even topping spread and fantastic sauce.\n\nHere is my experience;\nStarted to place my order online as usual and the website crashed when doing so, I was unable to get back on the website so decided to call the location to order. I googled the location and found they had their own website - GREAT :) which gave me their phone number. Since their phone number was plastered all over their site I gave them a call to place my order. Immediately the guy on the line got annoyed with me for calling that number (maybe you should list the ordering phone number on your website) and told me I should have called another number but will make an exception this one time. (I'm sorry, is me giving YOU business a favour you're doing ME somehow?).\n\nWent to pickup the food and the store was quite clean and the guy behind the counter (not who I spoke to on the phone) was quite nice and pleasant. He handed me my pizzas and I was on my way.\n\nWhen I got home and opened the boxes I was shocked at the carelessness with the way these were built. The pepperoni pizza I got for my daughter had no spread of the toppings and I actually had FOUR slices with no pepperoni and the rest of the slices PILED with pepperoni.\n\nThe other pizza for my wife and I had the wrong toppings to start (I despise olives) and somehow ended up with olives. I asked for the pizza well done with extra sauce as usual, but the bottom of the pizza was barely browned and had barely any sauce. Also the topping issue from the previous pizza was the same with this one.\n\nI can go to little caesars to get a pizza slapped together, but at Pizzaville I expect better. I will now be driving every other Friday back to my trusty Aurora locaiton where they seem to really care about the product they serve. I will now be leaving a positive review for them.
This place is terrible. Was super excited to come here for brunch and it was such a disappointment. The only thing good was the mimosas. \n\nI wish I knew the name of our waitress because she was super awesome. That was the only part of our meal that was fantastic with her service. She has a high-pitched voice you wouldn't be able to miss her.\n\nOrdered the Thai chili prawns for an appetizer. It was OK. I'm not sure if it was the manager put them on our table. But when she brought them out, she had a mad look on her face like she hated her job. She had long hair a little bit colorful. Personality not so colorful. Not enough sauce. And it looks like they decorated it with cilantro. \n\nOrdered an omelette and it was sick. Had to cover it with a napkin.Tasted like something I would order from Denny's. Considering this place was triple the price. Ordered the burger with the egg. It just wasn't good. Sautéed spinach was good. Ate that instead of the burger.\n\nLeft having a buzz from all the mimosas. Wishing we would've just went to McDonald's for breakfast.\n\nAtmosphere was super awesome except for the food.
I was part of the Yelp group as well! Parking was easy, but finding the front door was a little difficult for me. I know next time to use Maps! I have taken one cycling class before, and this one was way different! The shoes were great to have for the bike. It took me a while to get use to the bike moving left and right. I thought I was going to fall! But once I got use to it, I was good. After my legs and butt were getting super tired, I was happy to move into strength training! 2 days later, my muscles are still sore and I love it! Definitely recommend for intermediate cyclists! And just warn the beginners that the bike takes getting use to.
Airport food sucks. It's nearly impossible to find a decent meal that hasn't been sitting there for days, but this Pei Wei is pretty decent. \nThe staff is nice as friendly, the fridge is stocked with many varieties of water, beer, juices and sandwiches. The sandwiches and sushi looked just ok though, so I opted for chicken lettuce wraps. \nI paid $15 for those and a fancy looking bottle of water and they were tasty! The lettuce was crispy and fresh, the chicken just a bit overseasoned, the chestnuts crunchy. I would have preferred peanut sauce to the spicy one they serve, but overall that was a satisfying meal.
How can you not love a lil' ol' Italian man scooping out gelato and regaling you with tales from the old country? I couldn't understand a god damn thing he said, but man he was nice - and he gave me salted caramel gelato - fuck yes.  The place is small, but awesome - it's family own\/run\/oriented.  Pretty sure they have a baseball bat behind the counter to club any nay say'ers.  You've been warned.
This is one of my go to sushi places, it's a little small but the food was delicious and the service is great. Their food quality however did fluctuate and while they're still good, they were better before. It could be due to a change of owners but so far it's pretty good so I will continue going here. Also parking in this tiny plaza can be very tight, be prepared to have to squeeze pass cars if it's busy.
Had lunch at southern rail. Loved the place. As any foodie in Phoenix knows Justin Beckett has blazed new trails here in Phoenix for some time. \nThe location on west camelback has an urban feeling that is not found in Phoenix. The Space is in an old building that has been refurbished wonderfuly . But the food is the Main Attraction, We had the Gumbo for a starter and it was one of the best I have ever had. For our main dish I had the Chicken and Biscuts , WOW! Amazing
A hostel is a hostel. Either way you cut it, it's probably a good idea to be a wee bit drunk before you go to bed so as to ensure a sound nights sleep.\n\nGeneral disclaimer aside, the Global Village isn't too bad. 25 dollars for a dorm room bed, which is the standard big room with bunk beds. The bathroom on my floor was clean and didn't make me wonder if I'd contracted something. But! I stayed here one night in January and it was freezing cold. Woke up at 4am and promptly balled myself up under the covers and stopped moving to retain body heat. That said, you can get extra blankets (the staff are super nice). There's also a free breakfast, which is pancakes, coffee and cereal. Really the best part of this place is the location. King and Spadina is a great spot from which to launch any Toronto adventures. Probably wouldn't stay here over a night or two.
WOWZA! Such an amazingly great surprise to find this place. We were walking around the Sunday Farmers market on the canal and tried this place when we got hungry. There is this great Happy Hour all day Sunday you have to try. We enjoyed the tacos, fingerling potatoes, pork wings with spicy slaw, procuitto brusetta. EVERYTHING was so tasty.
I have been coming to this location since they opened and have always had an enjoyable experience. The staff has been nice and the service has been great. The only downside with this place is that the appointment system isn't very great. Even when you book an appointment, you still don't get in until about 15-20 min after. (I'm currently writing this review while I'm waiting for an appointment that should have started 21 min ago) other than that, the experience has been enjoyable so I would recommend this place to others.
Ordered fettuccine Alfredo and the sauce was completely separated. It looked like butter and curdled cheese. I would not recommend this place.
I was in town for Superbowl Sunday and was taken to Black Bear diner by my cousin who lives here in Vegas. The food was excellent and the service was even better. Our server, Anthony, was very informative and attentive. It's nice to be served by someone who obviously loves his job. The supervisor, Marlene, even came over to our table to welcome us. Our dining experience was so good that we stayed after we paid and eventually wanted a piece of delicious pie. I will definitely come back.
My favorite go to buffet spot in Las Vegas!! Even though the Bachabal buffet in Vegas is rated higher and number 1, I still prefer this one. Dont get me wrong, the Bachanal buffet in Vegas is great but the extra food selections are just adequate to me. I rather pay $30 less and wait 2 hrs less!! I wish I had a bigger appetite because I can't eat that much!! They have a unique diverse selection of foods from Pho (Vietnamese noodle soup) to gelato green tea ice cream. \n\nHere are my favorite food selections: prime rib, cold crab legs, cold cocktail shrimp, chicken wings, gelato ice cream, sauted clams, and the Mongolian or Teppanyaki (not sure which name is proper to use) grill!! \n\nI wouldn't mind the M buffet because they have an small open bar!! \n\nRecently, the Rio casino combined their regular buffet and seafood buffet Into one location (use to be seperate). You can upgrade to the seafood buffet for $15 more. Personally, I had the seafood buffet a few months ago for the first time before both locations were merged and was quite disappointed. They didn't even have lobster tails or prime rib!! Having both buffet built together make more sense to me.
Hired Parker Services to do some work around my house. He and his crew we outstanding and stand up guys. They addressed every issue and concern I had. They went above and beyond for the job. I will definitely call them again for my future projects. 5 Star all the way!
Place is for real mothers, we are in this. we hustle tough and we roll. Don't look at my face. Tomorrow we can have a BLT, not today though, I am rolling to State Road Tavern to meet my crew. We are blowing up and State Road Tavern is where we all started from son.
Just a fun, family place that serves great yogurt.  I always get a tasting cup and try several but typically settle in on vanilla with nuts and more nuts.  The music is Christian contemporary which is a fresh break from the typical "bang-bang-bang" music of most places.\n\nIf the weather is nice, eating outside is always fun.
Aria Sky Suites are a fantastic option when in Las Vegas. The rooms are remarkable clean, modern and have a welcoming and relaxing vibe to them. The air quality is suburb, especially for being in a smokey casino. The evening wine and cheese reception (with other snacks and drinks as well) is appreciated and good quality. Aria is clearly a leader in 5 star luxury here- they know how to treat people right and have fantastic service on the Sky Suites area. If staying here be sure to try Javiars for a great meal and get chocolate at their chocolate stand. Stay away from the cafe and buffet and enjoy the wonderful room views and fantastic accommodations.
We stayed at Holiday Inn in Toronto because it was more affordable than most other options. Rooms were clean & comfortable. Service was friendly & respectful. This hotel is just 2 blocks from Royal Toronto Museum &  St. George as well as Museum subway stations . There is Internet in the lobby but beware it is very slow.
Drove across town when I found out this place opened.  Well worth the trip.  Condiments that came before dinner were ALL good.  Then an amazing dinner. Best place in town.  HINT: Dip the meat in the salt,then marinade.  Amazing !
I started going to this Dunkin around Nov 2014.  At that time service was good, coffee was made correctly and there were usually always a good selection of donuts available.  I want to say it was sometime around March 2015 when everything changed.  I order an iced coffee with cream and sugar (easy enough, right?) I guess not.  It seems that asking for cream and sugar means you would like a tablespoon worth of coffee and the rest to be sugary milk.  The last time I went I finally just handed the coffee back and said, "I ordered a coffee...I'm not paying for milk!"  The kid that I was speaking to was nice enough but when the lady behind him asked what was wrong (she's the one who had made it in the first place) she snatched it from him as if he'd done something wrong and told him to get out of her DAMN way.  I really wish I had caught her name so I could have complained about her directly.  In addition to this they almost never get your order right.  Ask for a plain bagel with butter and you'll get a poppy bagel with cream-cheese and food that should be warm is cold or not cooked at all.  It is ridiculous!  Aside from that the employees at this location are, well, how do I put this nicely? NASTY! I mean, if you aren't going to put the least bit of effort into your appearance and WASH YOUR DAMN UNIFORM SHIRT....why am I going to think you wash your hands before you touch my food and drinks?  This location has got to be the WORST Dunkin I have ever been to.  My husband and I agreed we will NEVER go here again even if it means driving out of our way to go elsewhere.\n\nHonestly, I wish I could give a negative star rating!!
FANTASTIC SUMMER PATIO!\n\nI typically don't want to give up my favorite summer patio spots because here in AZ a good shaded patio is often hard to come by.  I just love this place so much I felt I was doing an injustice by not writing about it! \n\nThe patio is shaded with misters.  The food is really great quick lunch fare (they also serve breakfast but I haven't tried it yet).  What steals the show in the summer along with the patio is the lemonade that I traditionally like to mix with the blackberry jasmine tea.  I am officially addicted! \n\nTaking a large glass out to the over-sized seating on the patio under the misters on a beautiful summer day is the best because their patio is shaded by the building.  It's not a large patio but it really is such a peaceful spot!  \n\nThe food is very yummy and the big pro is most of it is exceptionally healthy.  They use fresh ingredients, and have unique salads.  The jalapeno avocado hummus is a must try.  \n\nOf course I can't help but mention what a wonderful staff they have.  I'm finding on the hot days when most people just want to go home and chill in the comfort of their AC the staff at The Herb Box is friendly, kind and welcoming.  I appreciate this as I know it is hard for businesses to make it through the rough summer months here in AZ.  Thanks guys for doing what you do!
This location is not too bad. The bread is soft and everything makes me happy. BUT the staff in here, they are too mean. The make fun and they did not make the right bread you want. They did not take the hot bread for you. They laugh at you when you get trouble. The last thing, I would recommended to everyone, SHOULD NOT come here. THEY ARE TOO RUDE. I really do not like the service in here
Lobby is tight. As only the 3rd person in line, I still felt like I was standing half in the doorway. Both staff members behind the desk were quite comfortable giving out room numbers out loud as they checked us in, great security there, but couldn't be bothered to welcome anyone to the hotel, direct anyone to the elevators, inform anyone abut any of the amenities on site, or do much more than hand us our keys and watch as we blindly set off in search of our rooms. \nThe wallpaper was peeling off the walls in my room in more than one spot. The TV was in an armoire on the wall next to the bed, so you cant really watch when you're laying in bed. It is on a little pull out shelf that is probably supposed to help, but doesn't since it only pulled out about an inch. The sleep number bed was cool to test out, at least the one side that worked. Although, like another reviewer said, you'd probably need more than one night to figure out your setting. \nWasn't about to try the room service here, but I did check out the pool\/spa area on my way back from a nearby restaurant. It was disgusting. The pool water didn't appear to be circulating at all and I couldn't tell whether the brown spots were in the water or just the bottom of the pool needing repainted. Same idea with the hot tub. Wouldn't have gotten in either one of those if you paid me. \nDidn't notice until the morning that there was no shampoo in my room. Not that I really wanted to shower in there anyway at this point. \nDecided, although I don't know why, to try the breakfast buffet in the morning. The fact that the (outdated and drawn-on) directory in the room listed the breakfast buffet at $14 or $16 something and they had since lowered the price to $7 should've told me that most people were smart enough not to eat there. It was a seat yourself buffet in the lobby and it took me a few minutes to realize the gentleman in the red sweatshirt and jeans playing with the silverware on a nearby table actually worked there. I asked him to bring out some more scrambled eggs since the ones on the buffet were dried out and stuck to the pan. Only then did he even acknowledge my presence and sent me back to the front desk to pay for my breakfast.  I had some toast, scrambled eggs, dried out sausage, and a little sausage gravy minus the rock hard mini biscuits that someone laughably thought us hotel guest might attempt to consume. All under the watchful, if not stalkerish eye, of the lone dining room attendant. Ok, the last bit might be a bit harsh. I'm sure he was just trying to stay close in case I demanded anything else crazy, like fresh eggs, but really...don't you have anything you can be doing while you're waiting? \nThis was my first Radisson stay, and if this is the standard, it might just be the last. I thought they had a better reputation than that.
Fresh and fast! Great service and quality food. I'm particularly fond of Nights in White Satin and Space Oddity, but everything I've had has been nothing short of excellent.
AVOID THIS PLACE!!!!! This was the closest place to my hotel to get a slice of pizza so I decided to try it out. What a huge mistake, it was my first night in Vegas and this place gave me diarrhea. I spent the whole night using the bathroom while I was out. I spent the next two days recovering as well, didn't get to have as much fun since I was always worrying about going to the bathroom.
Mike you did such a wonderful job with jakes grooming today. He looks and smells great thank you so much!!!!
I was very impressed with Centre Pointe Nails & Spa.  I bought the Groupon and  was not expecting A+ treatment from such an inexpensive no-name place.  At cheap places I have come to expect speedy, bare minimum service and honestly, all I really care about is how my nails look in the end, but it's nice to actually feel pampered.  I was there 90 minutes for the pedicure and manicure.  \n\nThere was a nice selection of OPI and China Glaze polishes.  The place seems really new and clean, and the regular pedicure includes a hot stone massage.  The woman who did my nails took her time with each step in the process.  She even massaged my shoulders briefly while I sat with my nails under the UV light.  Totally unexpected but much appreciated.
We came back to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke.  We received the same amazing service and food with George making it that way again...but Kenny the manager remembered my daughter poured salt thinking it was Parmesan and he brought out a cup of it for her...Above and beyond.\n\n\n\nMay 22...George was our server and he was polite and prompt and when my 4 year old daughter thought the salt was Parmesan and covered her kids pasta with it...George with any reservation said he would take care of it and got us a new one at no charge even know it was out fault.\nMy family has been going to the Island for a long time and always enjoyed the meal, but since then updated there food it is now amazing.\nThey have a new softer bun, and the cheeses frys now have a cheddar jack cheese which are incredible.\nMy wife had some chicken tacos and she ate everyone and didn't need to bring any home.\nSo a huge shout out to George who has his LPN and working on his RN.
The food was okay, but the service was super slow.  Our meal came out in bits and pieces. We had 4 people with us. One half of us received our order first, then the other half received part of their order 20 minutes later. Another part of the order came shortly after that. Weird.
I'm always suspicious of pho hoa because it's a chain and the ones in Palo Alto and SJ in the Bay are terrible. That being said, I don't think Pho Hoa tells their franchise operators how to make the food because the one in Philly and the one in Charlotte are pretty damn good. \n\nI've had both the Banh Xeo (they give you 2 for some reason) and the pho dac biet and they were both solid. I've been told by trustworthy sources that this is the best pho in town and as someone who rarely orders pho anymore, I was pretty pleased.
One of our regular haunts and we find the ever-changing menu refreshing and interesting.  It is a clean, well-run cafe\/coffee shop located in the Ballantyne Village at the intersection of Hwy 521 and Ballantyne Commons.\n\nOur most recent lunch experience introduced us to the best onion rings we have had.  They are hand-made, thickly sliced and lightly breaded.  They fry up so nicely, crisp, not greasy and are served as an appetizer or side to a meal.\n\nThe biggest comment is that they are not the thick battered grease absorbing variety served so proudly as "beer-battered."  Terrace Cafe onion rings are supreme.\n\nAll the plates are nicely presented, portions are adequate, service prompt and you can make substitutions on the menu.
Another Yelp find, we ventured into Fabarnak for a light lunch before heading out of town. We shared four small plates (deviled duck egg, cheese toast, marrow, and chicken wings) along with the cucumber salad. What interesting textures and flavors! The waiter explained how the chef likes to incorporate unlikely ingredients into common dishes. All I can say is, it works. Even our 13yo and 10yo (who admittedly have different palates than most) enjoyed the experience. The 10yo would recommend the cheese toast, the 13yo ate more marrow than I would have expected, and I was a big fan of the salad (with goat feta, YUM!). Sleek atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty dishes, and all for a good cause - definitely worth your time.
Great box! My husband and I were in town for some business and decided to do a couple of drop-ins... Chaz was the instructor and he was amazing! He took time in making us feel as if we were at our own box back home! Everyone there was very welcoming as well! We will definitely come back if we're in town! Thanks!
This place is by far the best I've found. I trust my eyelashes to no one else. I've been coming here for a year. Great staff. Always trying to accommodate to your needs, will squeeze you in where ever she can. \nAna herself is amazing. \nSome might find it a little pricy, but truly you get what you pay for. Not one single complaint for these guys.
We stopped in twice last weekend for brunch - the first time because we were excited to check it out and the second time because our friends picked the spot as a surprise.  The atmosphere is nice and we especially enjoyed the live music on Sunday - much more lively than Saturday.  The service was decent, but definitely some kinks still need to be worked out.  The food was solid, but nothing I would crave so much to keep coming back to.  I enjoyed the baby kale, brie and green apple omelette with bacon and wheat toast with a mango lemonade on my first visit and two over easy eggs with bacon and wheat toast on my second visit.  For Sunday brunch we took advantage of the $20 bottles of champagne and a carafe of orange juice, but honestly wasn't that impressed - the twist top bottles of sparkling wine were a bit of a letdown.    Overall, a nice place and probably only worthy of 3 1\/2 stars, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt for being so newly opened.
I have always been a fan of Cowboy Caio for dinner; but thought I would try Brunch when I had a friend in town from Hawaii, who wanted an "Old Town Scottsdale" experience.  Great food - I had eggs and hash.  The service was unattentive - asking for pepper (Not on the table); had to ask twice for Iced Tea refills  - and there were only 6 tables.\nOverall, I'll be back for dinner, but probably not for lunch\/brunch.  $60.00 for two (No alcohol) is a little steep for no value add's (i.e. A homemade mini muffin basket upon arrival, etc.) and unattentive service.
Great food, friendly atmosphere and awesome desserts!
I can't say anything negative about this office!! From Dr. Santucci to his staff, you are ALWAYS welcomes with a smile and Dr. Santucci just creates beautiful results.  He was so patient waiting for my son's teeth to come in before we started full braces and their office always gave us convenient after school hours, unless there was something major to be tweaked (which I understand!!).  I was an orthodontic nightmare myself (actually featured in two USC textbooks back in the day)...so I did ALOT of research and visited many orthodontic office before happily deciding on Dr. Santucci!!
Unscheinbar von außen, aber echt eine der besten Pizzerias in Ludwigsburg. Beim Eintreten riecht man die frische Pizza aus dem Holzofen. A Propos Pizza, so soll sie sein, luftig, knusprig, heiß. Ein echtes Vergnügen.\nEinen Stern Abzug gibt es dafür, dass man an einem Freitag um 18:00 keinen Rucola besorgen kann und die Bedienung erst eine halbe Stunde nach der Bestellung ankam, um zu sagen, dass es keinen Rucola gibt.\nAnsonsten ein Klasse Laden
In the words of the poet Drake, "You're the best I ever had."\n\nI've had fresh lobster before, great. I've had fresh lobster in an okay roll before, meh. I've now had fresh lobster in a delicious well prepared and seasoned roll, HOT DAMN. I'm not kidding when I say I would name my first born Luke (whom would look strange with my darker skin tone) if it meant I could have Luke's Lobster FOR EVEN A MONTH for free. My child's lifetime name is worth it. Let that say something. \n\nBefore you hunt through the entire fashion show mall to meticulously trying to locate this place, it's outdoors. On the strip facing side of the mall. I was intimidated by the price of a $17 lobster roll but that quickly went away. These are not a stingy bunch. They literally STACK your roll full of lobster. Like how Philly Cheesesteaks are made (in Philly). The flavor of their roll itself I'm confident will haunt your dreams it's so delicious.\n\nPlease, please, please go! I need a reason to say "you're welcome" to you.
Great store that is full of love for animals and high quality supplies at a wide range of prices. One of my dog's has special medical needs and they were able to special order his supplies that they didn't have in stock. \nWe are always greeted with a smile and treats for the dogs!  This is the true image of a local business!!
Bought living room furniture last year and Bruce was most helpful and best of all--not pushy!   Offered us financing at 0 interest for 1 year.  The prices are so good we took my sister-in-law there last week and she bought a houseful of furniture because the prices were so much better than what she had been looking at in the other major furniture stores.   She found the same sofa, loveseat and chair for $200 less!!
Went to this place because of my dad. He wanted something to eat\/drink, I wasn't hungry but thought a place with the word "italian" in it, located in Dilworth on East Blvd, would have some decent coffee. I didn't realize it's a chain. We sit down at a table outside on the patio. Waiter comes up and I'm about to ask him about espresso drinks when he cuts me off and says something along the lines "we just have regular American coffee, nothing fancy." First of all, espresso is not fancy. Second of all, when you call yourself anything "Italian" and you don't have espresso you are a fraud. So needless to say after this ignorant waiter managed to piss me off by implying I'm pretentious for wanting "fancy" coffee I didn't get anything, my dad got one drink and we left. Also, some other table near us was just getting their pizza as we were leaving and it looked like awful, medium-thick crust, flavorless, frozen pizza. From the reviews on here that sounds about right. Seriously, just call the place "bad American pizza." \n\nThe only reason I'm giving this place even 1 star is because it finally went out of business.
Nandos has the best Mexican food ever!!!  Huge portions and great service.  The prices are reasonable too.
Had only 5 pieces of shrimp in shrimp fried rice. They were very rude and very mean. The Buddha Delight had very little  tofu in. The portion was too small for the money. When I called to tell the woman about this she started yelling at me. It would be nice if we knew her name but she wouldn't give her name.
Wow..! Wir waren gestern mit Daily Deal Gutscheinen für ein Burger Menü hier und was soll ich sagen, das war echt der Hammer. Allerdings meine ich nicht das Burger Menü (welches aber auch sehr lecker war), denn wir bekamen zum probieren vorneweg Spareribs. Die haben uns echt umgehauen, so super haben die geschmeckt, selbst in Amerika habe ich noch keine besseren gegessen und was man sonst in Stuttgart an Ribs bekommt kann man eh vergessen. \nDie Inhaber und Mitarbeiter sind absolut nett und freundlich, also ein richtiges Wohlfühllokal. \nWir haben dann noch den Cheesecake New York Style zum mitnehmen bestellt, da wir zu satt waren um diesen dort zu essen. Wir wurden nicht enttäuscht auch der Kuchen ist der Hammer gewesen, wie in New York nur wesentlich günstiger :-) denn dort kostet der Kuchen bis zu $ 9,00.\nDie Preise sind für die Qualität absolut günstig. Wir kommen wieder, denn wir sind Fans der amerikanischen Küche und dieses Lokal könnte auch diejenigen überzeugen, welche behaupten die Amis würden nur Fast Food essen.
Goodhandy's is a sexy dark bar with a really diverse crowd. I went often during their last Queer Idol singing competition and had a great time. Trans-positive (A+++), queer-positive, ally-positive, good place to dance - just not accessible at all, lots and lots of stairs. Otherwise, great! Will go again.
This is a nice studio with good instructors. \nThe change rooms are a little measly with only a curtain across the door and no proper security to leave belongings. \nThe main studio is big and beautiful, maybe a little too big though. Not very warm or cozy feeling and sometimes you are really far away from the instructor.\nNot great parking in the area either. \nAll in all this is still a good place to practice yoga.
We were out in the area for some shopping and noticed this wine bar's patio.  It was a wonderful unplanned stop.  The food was great - hummus, cheese plate and pizza were all super delicious.  The hummus may be the best I've had.  The service was great, as well.\n\nThe wine list was nice with reasonably priced reds and whites (about 8-10 of each) with lots of variety.  When we each decided we wanted something different for our second glass, the waitress suggested something similar to our first glass that we might like - I especially appreciated that.  \n\nDefinitely worth checking out if you are in the Solon area - especially on a nice spring or summer day!
All the fizzle and sizzle seemed to have died down a bit. I can't say I frequent this place as it's been nearly impossible to get a seat most of the time. But I have had my chances and have been lucky to visit about handful of times in the past 2 years. I must admit I did buy into all that hype a few years back and was impressed at first but as my taco taste buds have developed greater experience I am starting to become a little too snobby for this place I suppose.\n\nThe tacos are dry and I am hoping it's just a bad batch as of late. I don't recall them being this dry when I first visited a few years back. Pork belly dry, beef dry, fish... okay that wasn't dry but the taco shells are dry, dry, dry. I know, taco shells are supposed to be dry but I doubt they should be dry to the point where it sticks to the sides of your mouth if you don't chew them. Probably caused by the generous flour dusting on the shells as it touches your mouth forms a "dough" consistency thereby sticking to your mouth.\n\nThe flavours are strong but somehow lacks complexity. There seems to be a flavour imbalance of some sort. This is more of a fusion take on Mexican flavours as there are obvious Asian\/local flare. All in all, I was quite disappointed to say the least. The last 2-3 visits have been more and more disappointing.
Staff at this store by far are friendly and helpful . I got my iPad Pro at this store and the manager made my trip a pleasurable and this isn't the last I'll be in this store :) thanks you nice and helpful folks !!!
The food is perfect. Had Mothers Day brunch and the food was great. The Cesar Salad was just amazing. I would recommend  this place to anyone! Food is just great, and service was perfect.
Mike, the owner, is great! Very personable with everyone that walks in and he usually remembers you. He is the best driller in Las Vegas and also has deals on ball, bag, and shoe packages!\n\nI have gotten two balls drilled by Mike (one new, and one that was filled and re-drilled) and both have turned out great. He also re-surfaced my used ball that I brought in for free which is a really cool touch. Both balls I wanted drilled identical, and while that is probably very hard to do, he did a great job at trying to get them as exact as he could! The holes are always smooth. He does a great job! \n\nGo see Mike at Coast 2 Coast.
As a city girl from Washington, DC - I am overwhelmed by Trax Farms.  It is everything awesome about country life wrapped up in a suburban package.  I adore their fresh made chicken salad - giant chunks of chicken perfectly blended with mayo and tarragon.  They also carry my most favorite flavor of jelly ever - elderberry - AND it's sugar free no less! The cream horns are delicious.  I love tha that food is fresh from the farm (well, some of it) but the prices are pretty high.  However, I am willing to pay $4 for the bag of Jimmy Buffet Margaritaville corn chips that I can't get anywhere else.  \n\n5 stars for the experience\n4 starts for the overpriced items
My friend from Ohio has me hooked on Postino's. I have tried this location as well as their location in Arcadia. I have truly loved both times that I have gone. I would prefer the Central location only because it was easier to park and I liked the atmosphere\/vibe. Be careful not to park in areas that are restricted. The only downside to this location is that it is adjacent to a Circle K. This was our view but we could have also sat the other direction and looked at the bar. \n\nI honestly have not tried any of their main food items. My boyfriend has gotten their Chicken & Mozzarella Panini and it was really good.  I always get their charcuterie boards. This time my boyfriend got the Butcher's Block and I got the Cheese Board. We have no issue at all of making snacks a full meal. We devoured both boards and left happy.
I love coming into an L&L . Most everything I've tried off the menu is just delicious. The Katsu Chicken I had was tender and perfectly breaded .
So, I kinda grew up on chicken fried steak.  Healthy, I know.  Anyway, after moving to AZ I was desperate to find a good chicken fried steak.  I found it here!  I'll be honest.  The 5 stars is really just for the chicken fried steak.  I don't care that much for their other steaks.  The service is prompt so I don't mind too much that they don't smile.  Just bring me my chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes and gravy and leave me alone!  \n\nOh yeah...if you go at lunchtime the chicken fried steak special is only $7.
They stepped it up and added a lot more designs. The staff are friendly and helpful. The quality of the shirts are good as well. There's no sign except the tiki logo on the building.
We are big fans of Swiss Chalet but this was our first visit to this location.  We chose it because we are in the area often and had never been.  \nTo say the visit did not start out well would be an understatement.  \nWhen we entered there was no one at the hostess stand nor any staff visible anywhere.   We waited about 10 minutes and still nobody.   I wound up having to walk down to the takeout area (also abandoned)  where I found a bell to ring for service (Does the fact it is there mean that this is a common issue?)   I rang it and a very bored looking woman came out.   I asked if we should just sit anywhere and she yelled out for another staff member who did finally seat us. \n\nWe were ordering 1\/4 chicken dinners and I was going to order dark meat but the server said that she would recommend the white because the 1\/4s were very small, so she would do the white meat without charge for the up size.   The food was good (although even the white meat was smaller than we are used to) and the service was adequate. \n\nWe decided to get sundaes for dessert and found out that they were out of whipped cream (this location is directly beside a grocery store... No one could get whipped cream?)  but the server said she would put extra ice cream in lieu.   \n\nThe server did her best to remedy the situation but the visit left me feeling that this location really doesn't seem to care about the customer experience and would rather understaff and\/or under order than have satisfied customers.
Not good for long hair. Probably fine for a boys cut with clippers. I realize that this isn't a fancy salon, the ladies were very nice and made my girls feel comfortable but the cuts are choppy uneven and look like I did it. The lady that cut my oldest daughters hair barely got it wet and then took dull scissor to it, straight across. The ends were frayed uneven and horrible. The manager was nice enough to "fix" it but it is still bad. Thank goodness she is 5 and isn't aware. The picture blow is after the "fix". I realize the cuts are 16.50, but I question if they have current licenses.. i would use with caution
Bought a turbo from them and paid for the v-band mod. Recieved the turbo without it being modded. Called to notify them about it, was told to ship it back and "We will send it out same day we get it so you can see it as soon as a week from now."  Took them 2 weeks from when they recieved it and several emails to get it shipped back.
I have good memories of Boa LV...Our service and food were exceptional...I suppose the economy for a first class steakhouse was too much because of all the competition from reality stars like Collichio and Ramsay...Those restaurants are good...but Boa was just as good..but did not have a star to promote it.  Thank you Boa for a high class atmosphere and first class service.
Came here for my partner's birthday\/our anniversary. Rachel was such an awesome server and their happy hour was so great. The bartender was very friendly and creative as well. We will certainly be returning!
This place is awesome! They are new so working out the kinks, but great place to kill your appetite. They have a little bit of a taco truck feel but have great dine-in facilities. The food was so tasty and everything was fresh when we ordered. The refried beans were made fresh in front of you as all the other meats and add-ins. The staff was ridiculously friendly and made you feel like one of their own. The prices were very reasonable and with the taste I would have paid more, completely worth every bite. Glad this place opened up!
Went to Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay while in Vegas because I really wanted to see an aquarium. It was a bit overpriced and small, but I enjoyed it nonetheless and I stopped to look at everything. Everything. There are plenty of things to see. My favorite had to be the last thing you see, you walk into a tunnel and there are sharks swimming all around you. Pretty awesome, I think I sat in there for about 30 minutes or so, just watching them all.\nOh and I loved the touch pool..who got to pet a stingray?! This girl. :)
For a restaurant situated in the heart of the financial district it certainly doesn't deliver in any of the areas you might expect. Well, that's not true, the prices are right in line with what you'd expect to pay at a fine steakhouse. The product though, that's another story. \n\nWe stopped by for dinner Saturday night after an active day in the city. The patio looked decent and we were in need of some hearty grub. We walked inside and out the gate it was obvious that something was up, the place was completely empty... on a Saturday night... At that point we mulled a quick exit but felt compelled to stay so that we could cross this place off the list.\n\nRather than turn this into a novel I'll highlight what came next.\n\n- We started with straight Absolut on the rocks, an old standby. On first sip the drinks had a perfumed taste. Straight vodka with a taste of cough syrup, that can't be right. We sent the drinks back. The second round were the same deal. After talking to the manager it was discovered that the spout pouring the drinks was dirty which transferred the taste over. That was comforting.\n-  The $40 fillet minion came out... completely sub-par, tough and dry, white in the middle, you'd get a better steak at a dive bar. To top it off, the gorgonzola on top was cheap and a whole different kind of funky than your typical gorgonzola.\n- The ribs were accompanied with a delicious rotten coleslaw - you could actually smell this, no need to taste, but of course by accident we did.  Yum. Our mash potato sides were watery and bland.\n\nThat was it for us...But the fun didn't stop there... on our way out a roach was spotted running up the wall of the LADIES washroom. And not your typical every-restaurant has got 'em baby roach.... this roach had some meat on his ribs, totally repulsive... \n\nThe staff have a defeatist aura about them... everyone knows the place is in trouble, but they're going about their business without acknowledging it... maybe they believe that if ignore it enough the problems will solve themselves? Fat chance, but that's the only rationalization I can put forth on that one... If this place has a reputation to maintain they better start investing in it... or just close the place, that's probably a better move.\n\nFinally, if it wasn't at least for the manager's attempt to try and apologize for the series of missteps we encountered this place would get a zero, but it's getting a one as there's a small, glimmer of hope that with the right attention and investment from whatever body owns this place it may have a chance to turn around. Or they can continue to ruin the brand, that's fine too, no one's coming already so it's not like they can do any worse.
So winding out the end of year in Pittsburgh and decided after flying in a little bit early to give Tako a try. I had heard quite a bit of mixed reviews to date and it had been on my bucket list for trying out so glad I was finally able to do so. Since I was in relatively early on a Sunday, there was no wait and there were plenty of seats to be found at the bar. I pulled up a chair as close to the right end of the bar as possible so I could get a glimpse of the chefs preparing the food. The décor is the whole dark\/mysterious\/casual vibe with the DJ like music playing in the background. \n\nThey provide their menus in newspaper format with a list of separate specials if you desire to peruse. I will admit the prices are a bit steep here for the portion but where else can you get something like this in Pittsburgh. The menu is broken down into multiple small plates and then multiple varieties of tacos. They also have a relatively large selection of adult beverages and the bartenders are pretty knowledgeable even with the standard curve balls of "surprise me with an awesome drink." The tacos are a decent portion and if you do not eat tons, I could see one order of tacos and an appetizer being enough to satisfy the hunger. If you are super hungry then I could see two orders of taco doing the trick. The multia was a special and pretty solid. It came with mole and avocado. All ingredients were blended well together and I loved the freshness of the cilantro and onion sitting on top. It was a solid way to start the meal washed down with their version of an old fashioned. I followed up with waiting for my Korean tacos which came out quickly afterwards on a wooden board branded with the words tako. The tacos were well made and did not skimp on the ingredients. They were packed with flavors including kochujang and loved the cucumbers sliced into it. I would definitely recommend asking for the housemade hot sauce which adds a nice kick to the overall dish. I wrapped up with some lychee drink which was solid but the hummingbird at the end was the solid closer. \n\nAll in all, I thought this place was great and im a fan of what they are doing. Not sure how easy it is to just swing by for a bite but definitely a place I will try to hit back up in the future. The bartenders were also super friendly and very helpful. Def a plus
My favorite party ever! I wanted a 150 person party for my Daughter and I had a specific look I imagined. Maya EventCo made it happen. I never felt pressured or overwhelmed. My event planner was my sounding board, and my advocate, making sure I got the biggest bang for my buck. And who brings you cakes for tasting to your house?!?! Maya EventCo!\n\nI got to dress up AND get my makeup on, show up as a guest. My venue looked great, and Sumayya and team were ON TOP of the caterer and schedule. I was happy to pass the stress onto someone else and will do it again! Can't wait!
We recently moved so I tried Howard's Ace on the south side of Indian School and 32nd street.  I was doing a few home repairs on my own, but didn't really know what I needed.  I was greeted as I walked in and asked if I needed help.  Boy did I- I wish I remember his name, but he walked me through everything I needed AND recommended a few ways to save money by purchasing individual components vs. the pre-packaged stuff that was marked up 100% for the pretty package, I guess  (from the individual components).  Pricing at Howard's Ace was also cheaper by 50% on the pre-packaged kit vs. our previous Ace store on Thomas.  I had just checked there and decided not to buy the kit because it seemed ridiculously expensive.
Dieses restaurant empfehle ich nicht weiter. Wir haben dieses Restaurant im Gutscheinbuch gefunden. Es ist leider einfach alles schief gelaufen.\n \nWir kamen in das Restaurant und setzten uns an einen Tisch (alle Tische waren frei bis auf einer). Dann kam die Kellnerin und bittete uns extrem unfreundlich aufzustehen und an den Tisch direkt daneben zu gehen, dieser hier sei reserviert (den ganzen Abend kam niemand mehr)...\n \nDie Preise waren total überteuert. Ich habe Gyros mit einer Ofenkartoffel und Zaziki bestellt. Die Kartoffel war innen noch roh, das Zaziki hatte weder wirklich Knoblauch oder Gurken, sondern übertrieben viel Paprika. Das Gyros schmeckte wie ungewürztes Dönerfleisch und sah auch so aus... Es waren höchstens 8 Grob geschnittene Gyros-Stückchen auf meinem Teller. Das GEmüse war eindeutig fertiges Buttergemüse aus einem Supermarkt, auch dieses Gemüse war fast roh. Mein Partner bestellte Regatoni, diese schmeckten nur nach Käse und die Nudeln waren total verkocht... Wir bestellten beide eine große Cola, die Gläser waren aber nur zur Hälfte gefüllt.\n \nDer Hund des Besitzers lief im Restaurant hin und her und bettelte bei den Gästen nach essen. Vor der Tür liefen ständig Männer hin und her, die unsdurch die Scheibe beobachteten\n \nMein Essen dauerte eine geschlagene Stunde bis es da war, das von meinem Partner noch eine halbe Stunde länger! Außer uns war übrigens nur eine Familie da... Bei dem kleinen Mädchen der Familie war das Essen innerhalb von zwei Minuten da, war alle verdutzte. Erst als das Mädchen fertig mit essen war, kamen die Gerichte von den anderen.\n \nAm Schluss bekamen wir noch ein kleines Gläschen mit einem Getränk. Da ich offensichtlich schwanger bin, machte ich mir keine Gedanken um Alkohol. Mein Partner trank zuerst und bemerkte eindeutig Alkohol. 1. Bin ich offensichtlich schwanger, 2. noch in der Fphrerschein-Probezeit... Ich habe noch nie erlebt, das ohne zu fragen Alkohol ausgegeben wurde!\n \nFazit: Das Essen war ungenießbar und überteuert. Die Räumlichkeiten waren ziemlich ungemütlich, das Essen braucht sehr lange bis es kommt, am Ende wird ohne zu fragen Alkohol ausgeschenkt. Wenn man dazu noch nichts gegen einen bettelnden Hund hat, ist man hier richtig.
Came here the other day and had THE. BEST. SERVICE. EVER. Everything was spot on- drinks, apps, entrees, you name it. Even swamped with the Oktoberfest, I was blown away. Tipped 30%. Food was fantastic as usual. Try this place out!
All About Beautiful Smiles dental is my family's dental provider.  The appointment availability are great which is why my kids go here as well.  The staff are funny, nice and welcoming.  Dr. Phen is very nice and very detailed on what needs to be done.  From prior experience some dentist just recommend unnecessary things  to have you spend $ but Dr. Phen is honest and truly cares about his patients.  As long as I'm living in Nevada All About Beautiful Smiles will be mine and my family's dental provider.  I truly recommend them!
It has taken me a while to get to writing this review, but the experience I had was definitely worth noting. StripSteak is the restaurant I go to every time I go to Vegas when I am looking for a great steak. I have dinned here at least a dozen times in the last few years and I have yet to have a bad meal or one that does not meet my expectations.\n\nThe last time I dined there was March second, just prior to the Carrie Underwood concert as part of my birthday weekend. The experience I had was exceptional! They were very accommodating and the service was spectacular. My parents and I started the evening in the lounge for a couple of happy hour drink specials prior to our seating (we arrived early and prior to the opening of the main dining room). The happy hour drinks were well priced.\n\nOnce the main dining room opened, we were promptly seated by the hostess and our server was present to attend to us. He was exceptional with any questions that my parents had and dietary requests were received well and honored by the kitchen.The duck fat fries are a nice change to the regular bread and butter offerings of most restaurants.  We ordered a bottle of Joseph Phelps Opus One wine for our dinner and it was exceptional, but also costly... The wine list is exceptional for a steak house.\n\nWell all had appetizers of Salad. I always get the caesar salad (presentation changes every time) and the the Kansas City Striploin steak. My parents opted for a filet. All steaks cooked to perfection. We shared a couple of side dishes at the table and were also excellent.\n\nWe opted for a desert beverages as opposed to deserts. I opted for the Adult root bear float, which was likely kaluha and galliano with  a scoop of ice cream... Nice and refreshing. Though, as it was a birthday weekend, I did receive a complementary plate of ices cream with "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate sauce.\n\nThere was an element of sticker shock with a tab of over $1,000.00, but worth the celebration of a milestone birthday.
As I'm sure you've heard, this place is expensive as shit, y'all.\n\nHonestly though, they make you feel like it's worth it, even though it's probably not. The restaurant has great ambiance, so it's generally very mellow and quiet in the dining area. I recommend their bone-in NY Strip, which was one of the best I've ever had. On another occasion I got a ribeye, and instead of "medium-rare" I got it practically blue-rare. Parts of it were still good, so I didn't say anything, though I know I could have without issue.\n\nSides are expensive as well, but are intended to be shared with whoever you are with.\n\nMake a reservation and come early for a drink or two at the bar while they set up your table. Great selection of liquor and not all that pricey, comparatively speaking (I got a cognac and I think it was only about 10 bucks, which is what I'd pay just about anywhere downtown anyway).\n\nIf you choose one of their specialty steaks, the waiter\/waitress brings out a box of steak knives for you to choose one (there are just two kinds), which is both hilariously superfluous and incredibly fun.\n\nTake a date here for their birthday or valentine's day. I don't think you'll regret it.
Best little Mexican restaurant in the area. Carne Asada is tender and not fatty!! Eat here a couple times a week
Wow... this place is amazing! They make all the food on site and everything is fresh.  We ordered the vegan platter and wrap and it was perfect! Took me back to my familys home cooking.  The owner or manager is very sweet and kind!
I chose this hair braiding salon, because it was close to my house, and they are well known throughout Charlotte. I should have walked out the door when we started negotiating the price. I brought my own hair. The "braider" informed me I could not get the cheapest braid they had, because my head wouldn't look right with that size and my head wouldn't be as full, so she told me I had to get a smaller size. This size was $165 plus she said since I wear my hair natural (twa) I would have to an extra $40. I let her know my hair wasn't that much longer than what she saw, but she said the extra $40 was not about how long my hair was they charge all naturals extra because they have to braid past the hair and they don't have to do that with relaxed hair. They gave me a $30 discount for bringing my own hair. Everything was going fine, until another women showed up to braid the back of my hair. She braided just a little bit before she was called over to do another women's braids. Her and the girl braiding my hair decided they would switch up, the new lady would braid the back of both heads and the first girl would braid the front. To make a long story short. I was floored two weeks later to find in the back she made bigger parts with the same amount of weave, making my hair less fuller than it should have been, and she didn't braid all the way down like she charged me for. I learned a lot from this salon. I'm never going back, and I feel like this entire salon chain is a scam. I can't wear me hair down because I'm used to my braids being very full. It was a waste of my money. Please do not go to this salon. They will try and scam you for whatever they can. I even told the lady she was braiding awe fully fast in the back. She dismissed my clams, and hurried up and put my hair on a ponytail without me reviewing her work. I made the mistake of not addressing the issue before I left, but I took one for the team, Your Welcome. Just don't go here especially if you have natural hair.
Welcome to the Whimsical Alice In Wonderland scrumptious "I want to eat it all" cupcake paradise! Everything about this place screams fantasy... including the cupcakes which have already featured in several of my foodie dreams! \n\nThe cupcakes are really ginormous... true to their name and oh so so good! I had such a hard time deciding what I wanted to try ... everything looked delicious! Finally I settled for the raspberry lemon and the chocolate salted caramel cupcakes. \n\nIf I wasn't already in heaven after the raspberry lemon... the chocolate caramel definitely made sure I reached there in record time! \nIt was moist, not too sweet with gooey chocolate caramel filling...perfect blend of sweet and salty! \n\nA pro is that the store is open late. A con...parking is can be extremely hard to find in this prime downtown location. \n\nI can't wait to come back and try more flavors!
I have been with sprint for 10 plus years..I have never had a 4G phone with fast service.. I use to pay for it each month.. They have been saying the same shit for 5 years the towers are not up yet.. Don't buy it.
This park is perfect because of its location. It's often busy or full, so arrive early. It's on lake Mendota and provides a lovely morning walk along the water. Since it's in the city (sorta) you can take a bus over to the isthmus for some shopping or dining or visit family in the area. Of course there are plenty of Wisconsin tourist places, but this little spot puts you right in the heart of Madison without having to be in a hotel. The boat launch area works great for our kayaks. And if you're up for it, you could boat across to state street! The lav facilities are decent for camping. There's a little beach to play with the kids. The park is small enough to prevent it from feeling like an RV park. I gave it a 4 star because it's perfect for what it IS. If you're looking for something else, well maybe you filtered too far. If you're looking to get AWAY, this little spot may not be what you wanted.
I will start out with saying my only real two complaints about this place are the price of the meat and a lack of sea food selections. With that said this is a butcher shop and you are buying high-quality premium cuts of beef. I love, let me repeat that, love the taste of all of the food we have bought from here!  Even my son knows when I have bought meat from here and when I have not and he goes on about the high quality of the taste. Everything from the premium cuts of fillet and New York strips to the porkchops are just awesome! Usually I hold out for one of the coupons from Groupon or other similar sites and get really good deals that way.  If you can do that then it's fun to come in and go crazy and stock up for a couple of weeks knowing you're going to have some great meals ahead!
Great wholesale club, but don't come here for tires!  Whatever money you might save is not worth the long wait and terrible service you will get from the BJ's tire store.  The tires were not in stock, so it took one day for delivery.  The clerk couldn't be bothered to call me when the tires arrived, so then I waited over 3 hours for installation, and  I was the first one there!
Best food i have had in Las Vegas and the service was great. Had spinach dip and crab cake appetizers they were amazing. The garlic cheddar butter bread so good. Shrimp fresca and steak and shrimp steak was cooked perfect. Wanted to save room for chocolate calzone desert but next time.
The service here is consistently bad. I live and work nearby but will never go back.. The food is ok but the staff really are inattentive and terrible at their jobs. Wrong orders, long waits, being ignored... I actually had to ask for the bill multiple times to several people for about 45min! I'm not sure they would have noticed if I just walked out. I Have tried to "give it a chance" a few times, I've been there for lunch and dinner, weekdays and weekends... I have regretted it every time. I have heard the same problems from my friends and coworkers.
I really love this place. \n\nMy ONLY complaint is that it's hard to have a conversation with someone (if you don't get here before 9pm). It gets loud with conversations, but that's also a good thing. \n\nFood: From what I've eaten at this location, I seriously recommend any of the pizzas, nachos, and their mac and cheese (out of this world)!\n\nDrink: Stiegl Radler! They have a top notch\/variety of beer selection at a pretty average price.\n\nDecor: Hipster. Their walls are covered in all kinds of art; prints, vintage ads, signs, etc. It's hard to stop looking around.\n\n4.8 out of 5
Had a lovely meal here. Summer rolls were excellent. The yellow pancake was delicious, large and generously filled w chicken, shrimp & sprouts. Portions were plentiful, food was very good, service was excellent and prices are reasonable. We will be back!
Totally get the European vibe at this cafe, although it's small and quaint, it has a lot to offer, I had my usual craving for a plain waffle and it did not disappoint portion size is normal and filling, I had the 2nd brunch choice on their menu, btw which was well explained by our kind and friendly waiter. Will add some pics too!!! Yum, if I'm ever in town, will make a visit!!!!
This is the most amazing show. This is my favorite Vegas show yet. We went on Tuesday and then again on Thursday. I do not think that I have ever laughed so hard in my life.\n\nI will go and see his show every chance I get.
Food was okay. Over priced in my opinion.  Service okay.  Ambiance was nice. Sushi was okay. Kung pao and fried rice was WAY salty. Nothing to write home about. Probably will not return.
hallo wir waren grad im Augustiener  Biergarten also ehrlich 1. unorganiersiert  2, viel zu teuer für ein halbes hähnchen wollen die 7euro dann 9,40 für ein halbes hähnchen mit Pommes und dann steht das die grösste Eisdiele Stuttgarts das ist ein WITZ SORRY ´okay sie haben Grosse Eisbecher Auswahl aber das wars auch schon und die wo Kasse macht muss auch Eis ausgeben irgenwie komisch alles nicht meins
OMG this place is a hidden gem!! The most delicious chicken quesadillas ever!!! And the fish soup is the best I've ever had! The only rice they offer is white rice which sucks but everything else was so good it doesn't matter.
Food was great and the presentation was outstanding. Service was top notch. It is pricey but worth it. The steaks are divine for anyone who loves red meat. I thought the bread was very good. Hostess's were stuck up though and that's the only negative.\n\nPROS: atmosphere, decor, service, food\nCONS: hostess's
Started off with oysters and medium stone crabs as appetizers. The oysters were the most delicious I have ever had and the stone was amazing as well. Thank goodness the meal did not stop, we ordered bone in ribeye and sea bass as our entrees. The sea bass was super buttery, and melted in our mouths and the bone in ribeye was also delicious! And I'm usually not a steak person. We also ordered brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes. The only thing I could have done without was the mashed potatoes. They were good but nothing too spectacular like the rest of the meal. Lastly we finished the night off with banana cream pie and Havana cake (dulce de leches cake). I usually don't like banana either but wow I was in love with the banana cream pie! This place is slightly pricey but definitely worth it !
These guys are awesome, called back rite away. I called on Thursday around 3 pm was at my house by 830am Friday done by 9am, He fix my washing machine within minutes!! Highly recommend this company. Will use this company again and again.   Thanks Robert!!!
Paradise Bakery is AMAZING!! I love that place and love their food. They have many different healthy items to choose from. They have great service and it's never over the top packed.
We came here twice because we really enjoyed it the first day , there's tons of restaurants in Vegas but this one is highly recommend and now we knew why. My wife and I stayed at the Mandalay for a week and we try to eat at a different restaurant for breakfast,  lunch, and dinner but we really liked this one alot so we came in twice, very attentive and the food is soooo flood, Breakfast is when we were coming. Evrything is super clean and new. Seems like the owner is everyone because everybody is awesome. I wish San Diego had a place like this.
Love this place, great hookah and the staff is amazing ! We are repeat customers and wouldn't go anywhere else. Yvette is an awesome waitress , she is always attentive and makes amazing bowls. Very knowledgeable on the hookah flavors they have here !
i have to agree with melinda s. this place is just adorable and i love the merchandise, but holy crap are the prices steep. a toddler's shirt for more than $50?! are you serious? i mean, i get it....it's cute, it's stylish, and your little one would look like the coolest kid on the block, but i never realized that good children's clothing costed SO much! i know how hard it is to find well designed children's clothing....besides your typical soccer ball or puppy dog plastered shirts. i love almost everything in the store, but i'd have to be crazy to really justify spending that much on my child's clothing! \n\noh, they also have a women's section toO for the stylish mommies. clothes that are to die for! i eyed a very cute leather (pleather?) jacket by juicy couture....should have figured...it was going for close to $800. ack!\n\nlove the stuff, but just ridiculous prices. and even if i could afford it...i don't know if i would. they're obviously marketing to the more wealthy crowd.
Before I begin this review, I am going to preface it by saying:  It took me a long time to write this review due to my extreme heartache and mistreatment by this animal hospital.  For those that do not choose to read the details below, STAY AWAY from Tropicana Animal Hospital, but most importantly, STAY AWAY from any animal clinic owned by DMV James Nave.  He owns a lot of clinics all over the Las Vegas \/ Henderson Valley.  \n\nOur Story:\n\nOur initial experience with Dr. Nave was wonderful... we felt that he was very knowledgeable, honest, as well... he handled a not so favorable first time visit to one of his other clinics in Henderson with another Veterinarian very well, so much, that we chose to take our furry children to Dr. Nave, as we were quite pleased with him.  At times, we would see other Dr's. due to all of the pets we had at the time, as well as the day \/ time, as Dr. Nave was not always available.  The other Dr's. were just okay.  The front desk staff was a hit, or miss, sometimes great, other times not so great.  While we had many great experiences at this animal hospital, we had quite a few negative experiences, hence the reason for the one star rating.\n\nNeedless to say, we spared no expense on our fur babies.  And, as most pet owners know, it is quite expensive to bring pets to the vet.  This being said, Our baby Beagle (13 years old) developed a lump on his nose in between his eyes.  After multiple vet visits, one of Dr. Naves Senior Vets suggested that the lump \/ mass be surgically removed and sent out for a biopsy.  We were hesitant to do this, however after much thought, thus weighing our options, we decided to move forward with the surgery.  We were well aware of the risks involved, not to mention that if the surgery was successful, the chances that our baby boy had nasal cancer, was very likely.  We were quoted a low \/ high price for this procedure.\n\nOur baby was operated on and shortly after the surgery was completed Dr. Nave called me to inform me that my baby was doing good... he had just woken up... the surgery went better than expected...  I was so relieved.  Then a second call came in shortly after... my worst nightmare... my baby boy passed away.  The following morning, we came into the clinic to settle the final bill, etc... and to our surprise, the receptionist gave us a final bill that was near double the high quote.  WOW... not only are we having to deal with the devastating loss of our baby, but now the cost nearly doubled... CLEARLY something that the average person is not prepared for.  I paid the high end of the original quote and then set up a $50.00 a month payment, which I was not pleased about due to the fact that this was never discussed with me prior to surgery.  I paid the majority of the overcharged bill over the next several months and then I stopped.  I actually had to go on an extended business trip and forgot, but truly, this additional cost was unacceptable and I should have never agreed to pay.  Due to my disappointment with their lack of integrity \/ care, I requested that my pet records be sent to another clinic, and within days of that request, they turned the rest of my overcharged bill to collections.  I called Dr. Nave to discuss this, who by the way would not answer, or return my calls... he had his office help handle his "dirty work".  Dr. Nave eventually released the remainder of the "so called money owed", and took me out of collections, however he informed his staff member (my point of contact) that my pets are no longer welcome in his clinics.  How sad after 7 years of ongoing pet care!!!\n\nAside from this, we had other issues with this clinic prior to the death of our Beagle. \n\n1.  We utilized their kennel services anytime we went out of town.  After returning from one of our 5 day trips, our handicapped lab mix, was brought out to us covered in her own urine.  She was dripping with urine.  We immediately brought this to the staffing's attention and they assured us that the manager of the kennel would call us to follow up and of course no one ever did contact us.\n\n2.  Our Border Collie had to take thyroid meds daily.  Her prescription was filled at Tropicana Animal Hospital.  We had come to learn that we were being shorted pills (my husband would count them).  When brought to their attentions, they would apologize and say it was a mistake.  Okay, a mistake once, or even twice, but continually????  I think not!\n\nDr. James Nave should be ashamed of himself for how careless and heartless he is, along with many of his staff.  We would never, ever recommend this animal hospital.
Well, I am not an actual customer of MistAMERICA - however I felt led to write a review about one of the employees there I met this morning.\n\nLots of car problems lately - yesterday I stalled on Scottsdale Road and Mountain View and waited an hour an a half for AAA - in the heat - and not one person out of the literally hundreds of cars that passed - including two Scottsdale Police officers - stopped to help push the car out of rush hour traffic or ask if I was ok.  \n\nThis morning, on Camelback Road, the same thing happened.  I almost started crying because I got sick from being out in the heat yesterday.  However, this time, a super nice young man named Greg stopped to ask if he could help push my car  - he did, then made sure I was ok before he left.  This guy restored my faith in humanity - gentlemanly, kind, and helpful.  MistAMERICA - you got a jewel with this man.   Would be happy to have him working for me any day.  And would not hesitate to recommend MA now that I know you have employees like him!!
De la poutine ! Plein de différentes sortes de poutines, toutes excellentes ! C'est très bon, mais la file est imposante en fin de soirée - mais c'est à ce moment-là qu'il faut vivre cette expérience.
Absolutely the BEST deli in Cleveland!!!  The nicest owners with an incredible staff.  They constantly go out of their way to make the customer feel like family.  Everything on the menu is delicious and fresh!  Highly recommend!!!
When we first walked in it was like going back in time. Decor was really really old, signage was out of date and the staff was really rough around the edges. The seats were comfy though. Food was OK but I was expecting a bit more from the portions. The main reason for coming... The duck! It was pretty good but I was expecting a bit more. Decent pricing. Only down fall was the server took down a wrong order and they made the food. He tried arguing with us that we did order it when actually we didn't. Made me feel uneasy afterwards. Probably would come back if I have a craving for duck.
We went to the restaurant on a weekday and it was pretty busy.  There was a half hour wait which isn't a big deal since it is Vegas.  Plenty was places to go while waiting.  I would say the food was pretty good.  I ordered the short ribs which was very tender.   We also got the oysters which are also good.  The only turn off was that I felt that the service was not that great compared to other restaurants.  I felt that the host was very rude, did not have a smile and always had an angry look on their face.   The servers were ok but nothing special.  I probably will not be back as part of the experience of Vegas is their service.
A Soda Fountain from my youth.  Homemade ice cream served at a Soda Bar.  Vegan Ice cream, Lactose free Ice cream and all the toppings you can imagine.  Also a great candy store-the only place in Cleveland that sells my favorite type of Finnish Black Licorice.
Absolutely delicious! The pizza is fabulous and the sauce is amazing! You have to try It!\nWe had pizza with meatballs, my son had a chivken parmigiana sandwich it was just delicious!\n2nd bedt pizza ever!
I was craving traditional Korean spicy beef stew and bimbimbup, but it is not what I got. Sure the ingredients are essentially the same, but the taste was different. It was still tasty but didn't satisfy my craving for Korean food. Nonetheless, the service was good.
My first time going to The Range 702 and I can say I had a great experience. Helpful and knowledgeable staff, range chief was great, explained the rules, but wasn't a total a** hat if you messed up, and range prices are  reasonable. The ONLY issue is the close quarters of the of the range itself. It would be nice to have a bit more room.
Walking into the lobby, you immediately feel welcomed. The receptionist offers you a drink while waiting for your appointment.\n \nMy long time barber, Antonio, moved to Fino and asked me to come, at least once, to experience Fino on my own. I am very glad I did and I will continue to come back. Antonio gives me an exceptional cut every time, and on top of that, the atmosphere and service at Fino is unlike anywhere else I have been. I highly recommend Fino for Men, especially Antonio. \n\nI am always very happy with the service that I receive and I walk out feeling great!
In this store not excepting credit cards! Only 1 (ONE! ) cashier excepts debt card...\nSigns '' CASH ONLY''.  Also they do not except penny's...\nI'm not sure if it's legal!\nAlmost all cashiers are extremely rude! One of them throw change back to me, because I asked her to give me $5 bill  back instead bunch of coins! It's happen March,2, afternoon, cashier #5. When I said, I want to cancel this deal and all my money back, this young and very cute lady started ... to yell at me !!! Could you imagine?!
Ordered two chicken enchiladas with a side of rice. It was decent for the price, I smothered everything in queso cheese and all was delicious! This is your standard Mexican restaurant, nothing extra to make them stand out.
It's a fairly decent and substantial burger.  Nothing special though.  Wouldn't really go out of my way to go here.
I made reservations for a party of 2 at 7pm on New Years Eve. We arrived 10 minutes early and were seated within 5 minutes of giving our name. We were seated behind another couple next to a corner window. Our view wasn't as good as theirs, but it was still good. We waited about 15 minutes until our waitress came to ask our drink order. Her whole demeanor showed she did not want to be working on this night. The menu was a little too quickly explained and after some time we ordered our food. For appetizers we ordered crabmeat and shrimp cocktail, which were both good. Following those were our salads which had barely any lettuce leaves and were drenched in balsamic vinegar. For our entree I ordered the Filet and my boyfriend ordered the NY Strip. Both were cooked as requested (Medium rare). Everything came right on time. Appetizers, salad, main course and dessert (Yummy turtle cheesecake) which we ended up taking home because we were so full. \n\nAll in all the food was decent and the view was nice, but the service could have been better.
I had lunch here and really enjoyed the pastor tacos. Everything is cooked to order. The salsa they bring to the table is really good! Very authentic Mexican food. \nThe establishment seat around ten tables. I left feeling comfortable, but thought I could have eaten a bit more for the price I paid. I do want to try the pastor burrito the next time I visit. The pastor meat is on a rotisserie with pineapple and onion on top. Pretty cool to see how that meat is prepared!
We use Mavis Winkle's a couple of times a month to cater our meetings. We have always been satisified. The food is good, hearty, and a bit different than the usual catered meeting boxed lunch. They have always been on time too. \n\nEveryone LOVES their colcannon and corned beef.
Not your typical Italian. I'd call it fancy Italian versus traditional\/family Italian. It was good. I had the noodles that are made from squid. Good but next time I will probably go in a different direction. It was good to try something new.
I was looking for someplace new to try for lunch near work in Sun Prairie.  I looked on Yelp and found Porktropolis and most reviews were good, but a few were sketchy but decided to find out for myself.  Nice, light, clean place.  Greeted pleasantly by a gent I suspect was the owner and he asked if he could help with the menu.  There are many options and they all sounded good.  They also have a really cool dipping bar with soem decent bread so you can try the sauces.  It was clean, and I tried the apple and Carolina and both were excellent.  (I have lived in several cities and had barbecue just about everywhere in the country.)  \n\nI ordered the beef and pork brisket sandwich and a side of creamy cole slaw.  Took maybe 2-3 minutes for my sandwich to come out, although it was not too crowded, and during my wait the affable owner chatted with me about current events.  So my experience with the staff was excellent - they were friendly and efficient.\n\nThe sauce comes in a smaller plastic container, so I understand the complaint about not enough, but I asked for two containers of different sauces and that was no trouble at all. The meat was cooked perfectly - juicy and flavorful, but could have used a bit more salt\/seasoning, and I can understand the review that criticized the inability to taste the flavors of the rub.  However, the sauce is the deal here.  Both sauces were awesome and it all made for a great sandwich.  I saw someone criticize the slaw. Mine was creamy and excellent and tasted fresh - not sure if they make it there, will have to ask next time.\n\nGREAT experience.  Excellent food, and I suspect all the dishes are.  A little pricey at $8 for a sandwich and side, but overall the experience was great.  I don't understand calling the food average for barbecue.  This is WELL above average, even for Carolina, Texas, KC, Memphis, etc.  The sauce tasting area and the sides also help.  And the place itself is not fancy, but there were plenty of clean tables - it reminded me of hundreds of places in the South.\n\nLooking forward to going back.
I have been looking forward to checking this place out. Unfortunately I was rather disappointed. I had no issues with service, and the prices are good....but the food was seriously lacking in my opinion. We got the family meal with rolls and 2 sides. We chose corn on the cob, and mac-n-cheese.\nThe chicken itself wasn't bad, but wasn't great. Didn't really stand out, but was edible. The corn was completely water-logged and flavorless, and the mac-n-cheese I am sad to say was rather blah. The rolls on the other hand were pretty decent. Probably everyone's favorite part!\nI don't think we will be back, at least not for a while. Next time I'm craving fried chicken, I'll drive a couple miles in the other direction for KFC. Sorry!
Try the tres locos if you can't decide what to get. A well flavored meal consisting of a bed of rice covered with a chicken breast, ribeye and shrimp finished with the perfect amount queso. Friendly bar and wait staff are here to greet you.
I simply cannot say enough positive things about BluePoint!! I've been a client for many years and have had various treatments with excellent results. \n\nThe laser therapy for healing has made it possible for me to workout and run again without pain. I highly recommend Shannon for this treatment - She is fantastic and very knowledgeable!! \n\nJennifer does an absolutely amazing job with RF and Ultherapy. She's made an incredible improvement to my complexion - She is simply the BEST at what she does!! \n\nDr Michaels and Rocky have done my Dysport injections and I really love how it looks. Smooth without looking frozen - They do a tremendous job! \n\nLastly, Patty did my microblading and did a phenomenal job. I don't know why I waited so long to have it done - But, she is a true artist and made my brows look better than I could have ever hoped!! \n\nI highly recommend BluePoint - I wouldn't go anywhere else!
I have come back Cocos many times over the last 5yrs. Even after moving nearly 20 miles out of the area. I always feel relaxed and rejuvenated after leaving. They are professional and friendly. I genuinely look forward to driving over, and get the 90 minute deep tissue massage.
Glad this place is 24\/7... Came here straight from Light Nightclub ;p in dire need of something to eat. I got the turkey avocado. Such a good choice! It was soooo good! The sandwich consists of: turkey & avocado (duh! Lol), muenster cheese, sprouts, lemon aioli, and cranberry walnut bread. Everything went so well together... One of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted! And I really don't think it was because I was a bit tipsy lol. I also got the chunky monkey smoothie. Forgot what's it in... Chocolate, banana, and other stuff I think. But it's worth trying!!
Good music, very pretty layout. Plenty of places to wander around to. Crowded yet spacious. Reasonably polished crowd. Many places to sit if you have no VIP table - i.e. those planter ledges. \n\nThe inside part is very crowded and smokey and packed, but it is nice that you are not limited to the small interior.\n\nGot here kind of late. Ended up missing guest list I was on and having to pay. Minus 1 star for that, since I hate paying in vegas for any kind of club. I should have been here all night, not at the garbage places I was at earlier.
Really great food, had the mixed plate both chicken and beef very tasty.  The rice was delicious and the garlic sauce and hot sauce both homeade and perfect as well. Salad was great too. \n\nOnly lost 1 star because they serve it in Styrofoam and plastic utensils. That's that shit I don't like. Can't blame em too much as they have a counter with 3 random shit stools to dine in. Place could use a renovation, throw a couple tables in the mix.(they have room)
Met the owner and she is quite friendly and has a great place to eat and\/or have a drink.  Very good food and excellent value.  We have been here 3 times and will continue to come for a long time.  I highly recommend this restaurant,
They were reasonable to buy a car from.  However, I thought they were really sleazy when I called when my lease ended to try to buy the car off lease.   The car has really low mileage and it made sense to buy out, so I called Camelback where I bought it to find out how to proceed.  The sales person said I had to bring the car in and have it inspected for $699 before I could buy it off lease.  For this I got nothing -- I would have to pay more if I wanted an extended warranty.  The dealership should not have cared about the car's condition - I was leasing it and wanted to keep it by buying it out.  The car never even had to pass through the dealer's hands, just a buy out from VW leasing to me.  I asked the sales person if this charge was standard and he swore it was.  So I called VW leasing and they said that no such thing was required.  I ended up buying it out directly over the phone from them with no extra charges.  It turns out, and VW leasing confirmed, that this was just a scam by the dealership to take $699 for doing nothing, pure robbery.
I've eaten here the past three visits to Las Vegas will continue to dine at Beijing Noodle No. 9 on every Vegas trip.  Prices are reasonable, especially if you're a Total Rewards member.  Everything has been outstanding, from the food, to the service, to the ambiance.  The hand stretched noodles are to die for!  Best Chinese food I've ever had!  Don't miss:\n   Noodles with Tomato and Egg Sauce\n   Fish Fillet with Black Bean Sauce\n   Sautéed Prime Sirloin with String Beans
Get the butcher board, sit at the bar and down a couple of their Eliot & Ambroses....you're set.
If you are a AAA member, and you are in need of updating your car registration, skip the long lines at the MVD and come to this location. Staff was so friendly and willing to help. You do have to pay for a convenience fee which was $19 for AAA members but I would be more then happy to pay $19 to not have to wait at the MVD for hours. I forgot the name of the lady I was working with but she was so kind and helpful with the whole process. This place was awesome!
5 Stars all the way! Grasshopper Pie ice cream in between giant mint chip and chocolate macaroons.\nHow cute is that mini monkey macaroon
The staff at B'est provides excellent service!  Everyone is very efficient and polite; they took the time to make sure we were satisfied with everything as our meal progressed.\n\nThe food was delicious and beautifully presented; all the more remarkable because the prices are VERY reasonable :-)\n\nWhile the cuisine is French, the menu is varied enough to offer something to diners with most tastes.
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. Wait staff is not very attentive to customers. Probably overworked and underpaid yet restaurant will charge 15% extra charge for party of 6 and more. Brought hoisin sauce for ch giò?!? Ordered 6 dishes and they are all so so. Don't order nem nng for sure or ph.
Just had lunch there.\nWill not go back ever.\n\nWe've eaten several times at Jamie's Italian in the UK- fabulous food and value.\nAs always, when something arrives in TO, the food and value never follow.\n\nFirst of all, I ordered  the half  portion of tagliatelle - shocked to get the bill and find that the tiny half  portion they gave me was only reduced to $13.95 from the full portion price of $17.95. We were expecting $10.95 or $11.95 at most. TOTAL RIPOFF.\n\nAlso, no basket of bread served with the meal.\n\nThe spinach Ravioli had about 5 pieces of sad spinach floating in a very very bland white sauce-$19.95!!!  No spinach inside the ravioli either.\n\nTea was $3.50.\n\nOverall - very overpriced and not one bit worth it.\n\nI miss Famoso upstairs where the food was awesome and lunch for 2 was under $30.\n\nService was also bad.\nOur server was nowhere to be found and other servers kept coming by to tell us he'd be there soon to get our order. He also never brought the bill, another server showed up and apologized for him.\n\nDo not go here ( but try his places in the UK if you ever get there).
Apparently there is a burly sasquatch with a gun in the back that forces the owner to stay open past 2am on saturdays, even though the hours are only til 2.  I know this because I was there and that was one cranky owner.\n\nIf you would like miserable crankiness and horrifyingly bad service, I invite you to go to this place anytime and chat up the charming owner. To their credit, the employees are not the owner. If they were, I would want to punch them too. \n\nPizza: decent. Actually pretty good. Not good enough to weather the one-man storm of discontent. Don't go there.
This place does and outstanding job, my daughter is in Girl Scouts she just got her brownie vest but we need patches on immediately due to the Veterans Parade, I called all over and everyone else was closing or over priced. Sukie's did a great job In providing customer service and great quality work
I was referred to Susan by one of my best friends who had Susan tailor her wedding dress. When I first met Susan, I knew how amazing it was going to be to work with her. She makes you feel so special and one of a kind. I trusted her with my gown 100%. I had so much anxiety before meeting her because my dress was quite complicated (extremely detailed lace and lots of material). She definitely put me at ease. Every fitting was productive and fun. If something didn't seem right on my dress, she immediately marked it to be fixed. The final product was absolutely perfect in my eyes. The bussle she made was remarkable and looked beautiful with the crystals she used. Her pricing and service are unbeatable. All in all, Susan is a rockstar! I will continue to use her in the future:)
Excellent service and tasty food. Clean. Service was quick. Sitting area was not that busy but saw many ppl come in for takeout.
This is probably more like 2.5 stars. I've always been suspicious of Two Hot Tamales but gave this place a try because it is in our hotel. We had a sample platter to split with three dishes: Chicken panuchos, green corn tamales and plantain empanadas. The plantain empanadas were by far the best of the three. Basically, the exterior of the "empanada" is a seared plantain stuffed with a cheesy black bean mix. It is topped with a spicy sauce and a generous amount of crema. Delicious. I could have eaten a whole platter of these.\n\nThe other two dishes were weaker. The green corn tamale was more like a polenta in terms of texture. The flavor was good but a bit sweet even for me (I love sweet). Still, topped with crema and salsa it was tasty enough.\n\nBut the chicken panuchos were inexcusable. The chicken was utterly flavorless. The avocado was nice and the radishes added a much needed bit of brightness but the chicken was so lackluster that it dragged down the whole dish.\n\nThe complimentary salsas were also weak: none of them had any spice and at least two of them were extremely bland.\n\nService was friendly and efficient. Cocktails were delicious and standard \nVegas prices.\n\nA fine place for a quick casual bite but nothing to write home about.
This goodwill is Alright, I have been to better. Their selection is okay, cleanliness is okay and organization is okay. All goodwill's prices are the same, as far as I know. The staff is helpful and I never have trouble finding somebody if I need help.
When I moved to Phoenix I had to find a new nail salon for my pedicures and Fancy was it.  For a while.  It is clean, the prices are reasonable and everyone is very friendly.   They always seemed to be busy so I got in the habit of calling for appointments.\n\nMy favorite tech was Molly and I'd go in and see her every month.  She did a fabulous job and was very personable.  My toes always looked fabulous and the polish would last a good 4+ weeks.  However, one day last spring I called and was told that Molly no longer worked there.  They said she "went back home out of state" which I knew was a lie because Molly was born and raised in Mesa.   Anyway...that ticked me off (not so much that she was no longer there but that they lied about it) so I've never gone back.  \n\nIt is a nice place and since they were always busy can only assume that the other technicians do as good of job as Molly.  I'd recommend it if you want a decent pedicure at a clean salon.\n\nThe only other thing I have to say is...Molly, where are you?!?!
This is a very good, inexpensive Thai place in the middle of the Strip. We both had curry dishes, and the food was tasty and plentiful. Service was attentive. Bill for 2 was under $40 with an app and tea included. Decor is not fancy- exposed brick painted a nice pastel shade, high ceiling, a couple of large potted trees- but it's pleasant and calming. Very satisfied with 1st visit here.
Jim and nicks was super today.  The baby ribs were perfect, probably the best ribs I have ever had.  The smoked chicken is always great, super tender with great flavor.  Everything is unique at this restraunt from the lemonade and potato salad, to the pickles they serve.\n\nAlso the drive thru is convenient for times when I need to bring something home for the family.
Everytime I come back here, I eat something new!!!\n\nCarrots, whoever thought carrots were tasty, but it was!!! \n\nWe had the carrot risotto, the lobster with almond sauce, ravioli, and sweet breads and octopus, yeah it's like this weird surf and turf and for dessert a banana cake with ice cream and chocolate sauce, it was weak and really not on par with the savory stuff.\n \nI find this place extremely interesting and original. They come up with the most unsual combinations of ingredients and when you think about it, it's not clearly obvious why someone would put these things together, then you eat it and you're like wow really this makes sense why didn't people think of this...\n\nNothing is straightforward here, it's always an obtuse and oblique interpretation as usual!!! \n\nI'm not saying I've liked everything I ate here, but some of the stuff I didn't like, I can still see there was some thought put into it, what the chef was trying to do. That for me still gets points even if I didn't like the dish. When I eat here I can feel the intense passion for the food more so than most other places, I don't know who creates the menu at this place but I'm thinking it has to be someone so interesting!!! I know whatever, let me have my fantasy!!! lol\n\nexamples from previous visits:\n\nfoie gras and rhubarbe, \n(foie gras is torchon not seared, I think the seared foie gras would have been better)\n\nseared shrimps with bone marrow and orange miso sauce !!! \nthis one was amazing\n\nAnd this time carrot risotto with passion fruit, sweetbreads and octopus.\n\nThe carrot risotto, carrot in the sauce, with carrot bits, seriously could be the best risotto I've had the past few years. Maybe there was too much sauce or too runny as they say, but I didn't mind, It tasted great. My one only caveat was the shrimps were kind of like those mini cocktail shrimps and they didn't add anything to the dish, maybe a sear could add more flavour. The dish was amazing never thought carrots could taste so good.\n\nThe sweetbread and octopus. the sweetbreads was crispy and octopus was tender, garnished with peach slices, string beans and mushrooms. a pleasant dish fresh with contrasting textures colours and flavours. very nice, I promote this place to be my new favourite french resto in MTL.\n\nThe ravioli was much better meat was better salted this time around huge improvement over last time, and the ravioli texture was perfect. The lobster was so so, didn't fly for me.\n\nFYI: they just expanded about 3 weeks ago, it is now twice as big, they took over the space next door.
Came in here with the hubby for a nice dinner. Was so glad we came in here! Food was phenomenal. Service was great. Only reason I have 4\/5 stars was because I didn't like how close our table was to the one next to the others. We wanted to get a jump start on celebrating our anniversary but felt like we were having dinner with the 2 people next to us because we were so close. Also, just a heads up that parking is valet. I didn't know and felt bad because we didn't have any cash to tip the guy working the valet. Overall, I'll be back to try the rest of the menu!
This establishment is excellent. The variety of food and the presentation of it makes you feel like you're on vacation. It's decorations and designs are very artistic and creative. Definitely a place to enjoy for a reasonable price.
Food is good but overpriced, and no discount even if you stay at the hotel. Ambiance is more of a cafeteria type setting and servers wear t-shirts. Service was good.
Straight to the point. Great selection of food, and everything we tried was tasty. Self serve drinks, coffee, and hot chocolate was also a nice touch. The desserts were really well made. At $16.99, this is one of the cheapest buffest on the strip, but you'll get excellent food value for your bucks. \n-1 because I didn't see a large selection of fruits.
Pizza sucked.  I asked for extra cheese, pepporoni and sausage. I didnt get the extra cheese. The pizza tasted bad
Work lunch with the boss we decided to try a relatively new place right by the office.  The Merchant is a new bar focusing on seafood gastronomy with a few classic pub fares to cater to the general clientele.\nThe interior is clean, contemporary with a lovely patio facing Adelaide street.\nFor the mains I took our servers recommendation and tried their in house traditional fish and chips.\nI've got to say, bang for buck, their portions are huge. Luckily I opted to have more slaw then fries I was still unable to finish my meal lol. However the meal was delish, fish was fresh and not overly battered. Fries were not oily and the slaw was awesome and definitely complimented the dish...definitely a 5\/5.\nService was excellent and the overall experience was lovely! I'll definitely be back to try a few more menu items.
Incredible customer service! Love their Acai Bowl! Definitely recommend this place to anyone.
There has been many supposed 'game changers' in the   nightclub realm for vegas over the years. Tao, xs, surrender, marquee, hakkasan etc etc. Omnia is truly a game changer. Through all my years of going to clubs in vegas, I'm most impressed with omnia thus far. Excellent customer service. Security and bar staff were very friendly. Organization is key and omnia has it down!  Top notch sound and special effects. The central chandelier and lazers are mesmerizing. Great energy all the way around. I was fortunate to see above and beyond here.  Promoters were awesome and hooked it up. Can't say enough about what a great experience it was. This is the new big daddy of clubs in vegas.
Freshly opened on Portobello High Street, Annie & Belle is part cafe, part gift shop, exuding considerable charm across both aspects.\n\nOverall, we said: "Annie & Belle is a completely charming little cafe. I can see it being a real success over the coming months and years. We'd recommend you go along, try the soup, and, when you have a little more time than we did, succumb to temptation and let your tastebuds run riot with their cakes.
Illumilatte has been my go to place to see friends and it's also a very great place to do work or study. \nWell I have been exceptionally pumped about this cafe ever since it opened due to its illuminati theme :-) The interior is pretty hip and the wall arts are iconic. \nSadly enough, Illumilatte used to sell large macarons with cool flavors but now their display case is full of desserts like normal sized macarons to rose meringue sandwiches with chocolate ganache filling. They also have more filling things on the menu such as paninis, and they just added salads onto the menu, too.\nWell I've had their signature Illumilatte drink and despite the heat, I do order it hot (it just tastes delicious hot). The employees are super considerate enough to always add latte art and I always get a kick out of that. I have also had their ice green tea latte, Java truffle frap, cream frap (green tea frap with white chocolate macadamia), and their earl grey tea by the pot. The cream frap is by far my most favorite and I order that every single time I come.\nI really enjoy my time here and I have actually never had a bad experience with service or with any of my orders. I definitely recommend this establishment!
omg the soups. just go for the noodle soups on the last page. \ni hate vegetarian restaurants that put some much soy crap in your meal and don't serve vegetables. the soups are SO full of vegetables. it makes me unexplainably happy. it's also amazing that you get two\/three meals out of one bowl of soup that costs like $4.50. \n\nseating is really nice. def not a hole in the wall feeling. \n\nfast, friendly service in my experience. \n\nthe mock duck was a huge let down though (compared to the lovely stuff at kings in kensington).
I LOVE LOVE LOVE STASH HOUSE. My experience here is always a fabulous one. I've had my nails done by jimmy and Chica, they're both incredible. My toes by summer she is as well incredible. They are an amazing team and are lovely to be around. I always leave more than satisfied. Their passion is shown through their work, they're all extremely creative patient and have the most beautiful souls. Can't wait for my next appointment!!!
This is a cozy neighborhood cafe. Very bright and cheery with the bright red decor and lots of windows. The place was quite busy when I was there for lunch on Wednesday. Service was great!  Quick and with a ready smile.\n\nThe food is good, not great but homey, like Mom would make. The potato salad is top notch. The presentation was a little bland or lacking, very plain. Dressing up the presentation a little might make the overall meal seem more appealing and less "sterile". \n\nPrice was a little high for amount and quality of food received, but again the fast and friendly service was appreciated. I would go again, but not necessarily as a first choice.
Tried this place out for the first time...looking for a place to watch the Brewers. Walked in, wasn't greeted so I found my own table right by the door. Table was dirty and it took just under 15 minutes from that time to get noticed and get my first beer. When she came over, she never cleaned the table. Server finally took my order for pizza (supreme on thin rust) and curds. Curds are nothing to write home about.  Pizza crust was soggy except the very outer edge, which fails in my books for thin crust. The toppings were not even cooked and still raw. The sauce was bland and seems like straight out of a can. The gal that was supposed to be my server never stopped back to ask how things were and I finally got my second beer after an hour of being there. I certainly will not be back, so much better at Jordan's Big10!
I've been to dunk n dip twice now. Our first experience was when it first opened. \nI'm giving it a 3 stars because: good food, nice location, and good space.\n\nTwo things that can be improved on are definitely service, menu choices, and pricing. \n \nFor the size and the amount of staff they have our group expected a bit better service... We had to remind them twice to get cutlery and water (both of which we had to mention as they did not offer). \n\nThere are several menu choices available, however the selection is too wide and quite repetitive. This made ordering a little difficult as there was too much to choose from. \n\nNow for the good... The quality of the food as well as the taste are on point. All of our dishes were just enough sweet and not overwhelming portioned like a Demetres cafe dessert. It didn't feel too disgusting to finish our plates. \nThe ambience and the overall decor is great, really modern and a young and hip crowd. This is a great place for a first date! \n\nOverall, the concept is great! The execution just needs a little work :) but would recommend  trying maybe on a less busy night.
Ahhh well Char-Grill. It might be time we part ways. \n\nJust when everything seemed to be going so well...\n\nSeparate incidents on different visits have encouraged me to take our dining-out dollars elsewhere.\n\n1. Minor but nonetheless irritating, I placed an order for chicken tenders. Wasn't asked if I wanted the plain or seasoned batter AND got a young man with an attitude who gave me dirty looks and rude conversation because I didn't know the sauce for the chicken tenders was called dipping sauce.\n\nUm... no.\n\n2. There was also the incident where an older gentleman took our order (as opposed to the younger folk who usually do) and got one of the condiments wrong, resulting in a request for a new sandwich.\n\nAnd he told the member of my dining party that SHE told him the wrong condiment. Which she did not. I was standing there when she placed her order. It's more likely he heard "m" and assumed mayo instead of mustard or thought he hit the right key.\n\nEither way, how do you sustain a customer base by accusing a customer and using a derogatory tone of voice?\n\nUm... no.\n\n3. On another occasion, we went to the pick-up window and although my companion had her hand out for the bag, a young man working the window pushed our food across the counter at her and walked away.\n\nUm... no.\n\n4. Then there was the couple that came in with the dog. And the dog's water bowl. And the guy handed it to a young man standing at the register who filled the bowl from a sink in the general food prep area.\n\nUm... HELL no.\n\nI was willing to give the Char-Grill the benefit of the doubt because sometimes things happen. \n\nBut the dog incident sealed it for me.
Sugar and grease, be ready! If that is what you like...\nWorst Sangria ever, pure sugar, no taste whatsoever.\nBBQ chicken sandwich drenched in super sweet sauce, can't tell of the taste.\nReally really bad BBQ joint.
I ate in a bowling alley" is not what you should tell people. They will look at you weird like you have a shopping cart filled with cats and your clothes are covered in cat hair. \n\nThat said, I ate at a bowling alley and it was awesome. And by awesome I mean you will want to slap somebody because it's that good. It will bring a deep violence out in you.\n\nMaybe it's the crashing of pins or all the happy smiling faces that makes everything taste and feel so good? I don't know. But, I do know that I had the best time and I want to go back again and again and again! \n\nThe dip. Oh. My. Gawd. The dip. It had spinach and goat cheese and I felt like such a heifer for not wanting to share it with the 3 other people at our table. I did share it but I wanted to take it over to a separate table and just pig out by myself. Hashtag - ThisIsWhyImFat. \n\nI ordered the Jucy Lucy, because who can resist a name like that and since I watched that one episode of Man vs. Food that showcased the Jucy Lucy. I will say that the burger was cooked perfectly to my taste (pink inside - I know most places won't do that so this was quite a thrill) but it lacked the thick gooey cheese innards that I've seen in other Jucy Lucy's - although maybe that was television magic! Not a deal breaker or anything and I would order it again. \n\nThe hubs got a chicken sandwich with apples and cranberries. He wouldn't share but kept making happy noises. That's always a sign it's really good. I did snag a couple of his skillet green beans and they were really good! \n\nSo many good things on the menu it was hard to choose just one so we will have to visit again. \n\nMaybe we will bowl too...ah who am I kidding. We will just get more dip and pig out.
I'm surprised to see so much negativity in many of the reviews. Others that I know, and I have never had a bad meal here. There is a wide variety of items to choose from, all of which are very fresh, and kept at the right temperature.\n\nThere is better Asian food here, than in any Chinese Restaurant in the immediate area. High quality ground steak is used for the sliders. The pot roast, turkey, chicken, and taco meat are top grade. If you go for dinner, the steaks are delicious.\n\nTheir dessert bar is second to none. Yes, it gets a little messy because you're dealing with toppings and fudge, and customers who are responsible for the mess that they are complaining about!\n\nThe staff is extremely friendly, and all of the servers not only work very hard, but they are as effective and efficient as any I've ever seen. Without hesitation or reservation, I'd classify the service as "exemplary". In fact I'd venture to say that the servers not only don't get the credit they deserve, but are probably shortchanged by most patrons when it comes to their tips.\n\nAsk yourself this. When eating at a sit down restaurant, does the server make as many trips to your table as the ones here do?\n\nIf you want really good food at a price you can't beat, try this place.\n\nTo be fair, if I have one criticism, it is that the cooks should not wait until 10 minutes after food bins are empty, to start cooking up the next batch.
Easy laid back place.. Haven't eaten here but drinks are nice and gambling is ok.. Not great but ask the bartender and they will tell you whats hitting.. They have no problems comping drinks for a larger tip too!
Quite possibly the worst Hotel experience I have ever had in Las Vegas. Last April while visiting some friends that were staying at the Monte Carlo in Las Vegas our golf clubs got stolen from the trunk while inside gambling. We should've learned our lesson then and never stay there again. After checking in on Friday my girlfriend and I proceeded to our room only to pass a group of four individuals with their door open having an orgy. I didn't care so much but my girlfriend was absolutely disgusted. I asked housekeeping if they could let the people know to please keep their door shut. That night after gambling we came back to our hotel room only to pass that same room doing the same thing. Oh well it's Las Vegas. That night we couldn't sleep because the people across from us partied until 9 AM. I went down to the concierge and ask them if we could please switch rooms and they informed me that there were no rooms available being that it was Halloween weekend. They did however tell me that I could upgrade my room to a suite if I wanted to fork out an extra hundred and something dollars. No thank you. Saturday night was no different we had a terrible time sleeping and just wanted to leave early Sunday morning and chalk this hotel experience up as a loss. Sunday morning as we walked to the parking garage to grab something out of the car We saw it was gone! Someone had stolen it and our belongings as well. Our stupidity for leaving valuables in the car. We called security and they called the aria security and both were trying to convince us we mis-parked our car. After an hour or so of trying to convince them that our car was not miss parked they finally went to the cameras and saw the truck we had driven in on Friday and told us we were right we did park in that parking garage. We filed a report and tried to figure out how we were going to Get back to California the following day. Ultimately we had to Rent a car Monday morning. This was by far my worst experience at any hotel I have ever had. Have been here twice and have had things stolen from the garage twice. If I were to ever go back it would definitely have to be free and I definitely would not leave a vehicle in the parking garage.
Best pedicures and pink and white nails around. They use liners in the foot tubs and include hot stone massages for your feet for free. SUPER nice too, they remember my name even when I call to make an appointment. Love this place, what a hidden gem!
Good prices for bulk items.  Try to get my gas and car wash here as much as possible.   Customer service is good.  Food lunch specials are really good.  Food samples are always excellent and again make you buy what you don't normally want but hey...the power of suggestions is needed
This is my go to Pho place in Vegas.\n\nI've tried some other items besides the Pho such as the roast duck and BBQ pork, and I suggest that if you want that just go to a place that specializes in it.\nBut if at 4am you're craving some pad thai, roast duck, and calamari rings then this place has you covered.\n\nThey do have some pretty tasty items such as the salt and pepper calamari, spring rolls and egg rolls.\nBut the main star here is the Pho, I like to get it with brisket and flank.\n\nI've read other's reviews about this place and one of them gave a 1 star for terrible food and poor service.\nWhich I'll admit, a few times I've come in and they weren't on their game with the broth, or I've experienced somewhat terrible servic. But that's because usually it's packed and people are just waiting to get a table and with a full house,\nit can get crazy for the staff.\n\nI've been coming here for a long time now, and overall for the price and taste, it's great in your stomach and easy on the wallet.\n\nSide note! Pho will cure your hangover. My buddy and I had ours cured, results may vary though from person to person.
Having ate at Babbo and Esca, I am somewhat diappointed with B&B.  The food was alright, and the service was fine. But I kind of expected more from this high end Italian in Vegas.  Everything was cooked perfectly, and I have no complaints on that.  I just found it to be... Uninspired.\n\nThey also seem to share many of the the same menu items as Enoteca San Marco, and Carnevino\n\nNot bad - I'd just rather dine somewhere else if I'm dropping this kind of money - The Vegas Strip has plenty of better options
Was quick and convenient. You pretty much get what you pay for. I got a drink, salad and slice of pizza for about $5. Salad was decent sized except the lettuce was hardly cut up, leaving huge chunks to contend with, being they didn't give me a knife. Pizza tastes pretty good, unfortunately the top of it slid off the dough :(. They have plenty of seating and outdoor patio. Lots of tvs on which all play sports, so I was pretty happy about that. I'll give it another try but have mild expectations next time. Fast American\/Italian I suppose.
Chris did a repair at my place today and everything went very smoothly! I called around beforehand to get a couple quotes and I called the few repair companies I found that were highly rated on Yelp. I chose Chris because his prices were slightly LESS than his competitors and his reviews are BETTER.... no brainer. \n\nHe was friendly and thorough with his explanation of what my choices were. He even talked to me about pros and cons of doing the repair and with what my apartment complex might do if they noticed I had repaired the carpet. I went through with the repair and it looks great considering it's a different piece of carpet. I felt like Chris was extremely honest with me and set proper expectations.\n\nChris was professional and easy to communicate with! I highly recommend him.
Along with their wonderful food (wood fired olives are my favorite) Nook Kitchen is now serving Bourbon flights just in time for fall...
Came here to experience food of this kind for the first time, my wife wanted to come here but I kept saying no, she did call me a p@ssy, then here I am. It was empty no line up, more the reason I told her we should leave. She told me to man-up and I have the first tasting of something... special. I love their kabob, couldn't stop... I went on to destroy and toss my wife's plate in my stomach.... then I swore to myself that I would come back next week with or without my wife. They open late too
The salad bar is a great deal with fresh ingredients. I like the choices and the price is good. I have tried some sandwiches too and was happy. Until today. The grill cheese and tomato soup combo was nasty. the sandwich had no taste. just blah. The soup was Luke warm and nasty. it had chunks and lumps of I don't know what. I was very disappointed. I ate two bites and gave up. I got to watch my wife eat her salad..... so I guess I will just stick with that. I will have nightmares from that slop.
I just came back from Bare pool. I was there Thursday and Friday afternoon. Its interesting to note how different the bouncers act compared Thursday to Friday. On Thursday when theres less people they will welcome you in and you only pay 20 dollars. On Friday when it gets more crowded they will act more snobby at the front, tell you to come back later and the charge doubles to 40 dollars. \n\nWhen I was there on Thursday it was more mellow with everyone just relaxing. On Friday though it gets more crazy because of so many people and so many drunks. Drunks and small pools do not go so well. One drunk for example was trying to belly flop into the pool which is only about 3 feet high and crowded with people.He was also pouring beer into the pool which is gross. \n\nSo lets get to the topless aspect of the pool which is the reason most guys will pay to get in. The majority of the girls do not go topless. On Friday out of about 50 girls about  3 were topless. So if you want to see boobs save your money and go to a strip club. The whole no more tan lines gimmick isn't working. I would say that the 3 girls who were topless were either from Europe or hired models. I noticed the more crowded it is means the more drunks there are which means the less girls who feel comfortable taking off their tops. In conclusion 20 dollars on a mellow Thursday was fun but 40 dollars on  a crowded Friday to see a pool packed full of drunks, overpriced drinks, snobby security and 3 out of 50 girls topless was a waste of money.
My parents wanted to take me out for a nice dinner for my quarter century - so picked this from the shortlist of restaurants that offered dinner prix fixe menus. The place is tucked away quietly on Yonge between York Mills and the 401 - a wooden cottage with old-fashioned (in the good way) decor and surrounded by gardens. I can see why people would choose this venue for a beautiful summer wedding. The wait staff was knowledgeable of the menu, and the service was impeccable, which I guess would be expected for this type of fine dining, and the prices charged.\n\nI wish I was equally impressed with the food as I was with the ambiance and service. Unfortunately, we found the food very underwhelming. The one more memorable item was the "du jardin" course - which on that day was a refreshing tomato salad. I thought the escargot was also pretty interesting - though my parents were not fans. For the mains, my mom and I both had fish and my dad the boeuf - we all agreed we had better elsewhere.\n\nOverall, I had a good experience here for the occasion, the service and the environment. I would recommend coming here for summerlicious or winterlicious - you get the experience for a less steep price, which is more reasonable for the quality of the food served.
Oh gosh what a nightmare. Went to get a drink and appetizer before a concert at the Smith Center. The Margarita I was served ws horrible I could not even drink it. Not even a little. Yuck! and we ordered shrimp cocktails and the shrimp stunk up the room!!!! Really ?you serve lethal shrimp to your customers?. Had to send that stinky mess back. No way was anyone going to eat that cr*p. Just because it's happy hour doesn't mean you can try and get rid of food ththat's going in the garbage! \nIf that wasn't enough the waitress brings us a ginormous bill. Oh, she forgot to take off the shrimp and oh she forgot to charge half price for the drinks due to Happy Hour .\nScandalous ,really,scandalous. Shame on them. Expected more from Oscars.!
Bought a groupon..overall just an OK experience... Personally prefer Second city a little bit more. Food is average. Waiter didn't pay much attention to us. Actors are very friendly though:).
First time at this location for lunch today. Not too busy. Selections on the menu were plenty. Prices fair. We were fortunate to have a lovey waitress (wish I remember her name) blond hair braces who took amazing care of us. She was on top of it. Drinks always full and real nice to our small baby. Will definitely return and highly recommend.
I hate to rate a local business so low, but I have stopped going here. They are very friendly people, but their fish are definitely not well cared for. Last time I went in, an entire tank had a bad breakout of ick. Do not buy fish here.
We came there right at the opening for an Irish Breakfast and some Guinness. Got a great black and tan, and a huge plate of potatoes, sausages, eggs, rashers, cold toast, and a roasted tomato. I've had better rashers for sure, but it was a pretty good brunch! Irish Coffee was great too.
I cannot say enough about Nevarez Landscaping. Hector and his crew are real pros. I found Nevarez on Yelp while thinking of redoing our backyard. The plan was simple. Stone, irrigation, edging and sod. \n\nOf the over half dozen companies I contacted for quotes Hector was the only one to came prepared on the initial meeting. Most other companies at least came, others did not. Of those who came most gave us a guesstimate without taking any measurements. Others came and asked to come back and measure. This is extremely frustrating when taking time out of your day. \n\nHector came on time, prepared to measure and had me a formal estimate in 48 hours. The estimate came in right in line with what we were looking for. After reviewing the estimate we discussed the cost and he was more than happy to address any concerns I had, as well as work with us on the cost. We knew early on in the process what it would cost, when it would start and when it would end. All of which were right on the money when all said and done. Hector was patient and met with me daily during the process to ensure everything was up to our standards.  He was able to find creative solutions to problems other companies told me could not be solved. The quality of the work was top notch and the entire process made me feel comfortable and was entirely enjoyable.  The process was so good in fact that we are having Nevarez replace an old worn out RV gate and also landscape our entire front yard. Before and After pictures to follow. \nI have no reason to look anywhere else other than Nevarez Landscaping.
Took a group of about 15 here on our way back into Phoenix from Seven Springs and had a great time.  The burgers are phenomenal.  The fries and shake I got are on par, but the burgers really are fantastic.  \n\nThe venue is very inviting and open, with a really fun sand volleyball court in the back that we took full advantage of.  It did help that it was also about 75 degrees with a slight breeze.  Just a perfect day, and a great little joint to grab a burger done the right way.  I would recommend this place to anyone rolling through Cave Creek.
This is the worst circle K I have been too. The staff is rude and nasty towards the customers, the word thank you is never heard in the store.. The store is filthy and don't forget the long lines since there is only one cashier working since the other two are busy texting or smoking outside.. I do not recommend this store to my worst enemy!
Love love this place! Went in to get script on my side and it turned out beautifully! Jake was very professional, and his line work turned out so crisp and clean. Awesome decor as well, will definitely be scheduling more appointments in the future!
My favorite casino\/hotel on the strip! We always come here and stay at the palazzo. The Venetian is just a little older. Love that the grand Lux in Venetian is open 24 hours. Got a awesome gift because it was my birthday. Window\/drapes are controlled by remote control which is pretty cool. 3 tvs in the room. Huge rooms. Everything about this place is awesome, except for the fact that I lost money in the casino...
The Container Park is a great addition to Fremont Street.  It's super cute with a little children's park in the middle.  It's kind of shaped like a horse shoe with shops, restaurants and bars.  I love the wooden plank patios where you can sit and enjoy nice weather or watch your kids play in the park if you had any.  We stopped at the bbq place to grab a beer and just people watch.  It looked like an orchestra was setting up to play on the grass, which by the way is a perfect set-up for outdoor concerts and performances.  \n\nWe didn't stay too long as it got really cold, but can't wait to go back and have dinner and drinks.  it's just a very relaxed and fun atmosphere.  I like it!
Manager is rude! Service is slow. Food was great! \nGet rid of the manager and the place has great potential!
I am on the Wynn and Encore properties at least once a week for business and for leisure.\n\nI make Jardin my go-to breakfast or lunch spot because there is no other restaurant in town that understands or approaches complete breakfast\/lunch service like Jardin. \n\nThe General Manager, Brooke, and her amazing staff work well with the Chef and the back of the house to create an amazing dining experience. \n\nThe hostess staff is pleasant and accommodating, the service is amazing and the food is top flight. The venue is down right gorgeous.
Wow! This has to be the best experience I've had at a dealership...EVER!  Thank you to Steve Pham!
We stopped here for lunch last Saturday while visiting friends in Cleveland. The lunch specials were VERY reasonably priced, portions were HUGE and the flavors in the food were DELICIOUS. We tried the spring rolls, shrimp and pork garden rolls, chicken with rice noodles, cabbage salad, and the house special beef pho. It was enough food to feed us both twice...I could hardly wait to devour the leftovers for breakfast the next morning. Our friends who live in Cleveland eat here often, they love it. Next time I'm in Cleveland, I'll eat there again. Highly recommended!
Great popcorn! They have something for every one. Theres even a bacon cheeseburger flavor! The caramel chocolate is my personal favorite. I want to try to chocolate raspberry next
Everything that everyone else said...small portions,  pricey, tasted good, BUT, 9 people in our party...7 were done eating before the last two got their food. LOUD music. I'm  guessing there are better choices.
This place seems to be a regular stop for me now.  The beers aren't the best in the world but when your Downtown, the beers are plenty cold and best of what's around.  Ok, to be honest it's the oyster shooters that brings me back to this place.  It's tasty as hell and cheap.  You can get your shooter with either Vodka or Tequila, we prefers the vodska and two or threee of those and you're ready to tackle Vegas.  The oyster is fresh, not slimy at all and hell vodka is vodka......\nthe appetizers are also good, the crab dip and the fried mushrooms are my favs but they are all pretty good.  I haven't had a chance to eat dinner here yet, if it's up to me I'llprobably just order oyster shooters.  I here the sushi is good too but really you're in vegas....\n\nBeer selection is fairly standard with a pale, red lager, hefe, and a stout, with seasonal favorites available.  I like the red and drink it a lot of it when I hit the tables.
Expérience plus que décevante. L'impression générale est qu'ils frappent au dessus de leur poids. Prix vs la qualité, portion et service décevant. L'entree de petoncle n'avait qu'une petoncle, le boeuf avec les nouilles (style asiatique) ne devrait pas faire partie du menu d'un restaurant qui a cette réputation et ces prix. Enfin, au delà du look trendy,  si vous êtes minimalement critique et aimez bien manger, plusieurs autres restaurants offre mieux.
This review is dedicated to one of my friend in CMU.The only spot which comes to his mind when i said food is Aladdin.I was never a great fan of this place until my last Pittsburgh trip.\n\n  The place is located close to Squirrel hill where i have my other favorite eat outs.For some reason i craved for hummus and decided to go here for brunch.As you enter you may be thrown off looking at those huge yummy cakes .I generally lose my appetite entering the place.Mr.Aladdin please change the location for your cakes,but i have heard they are amazing( i am going to save it for my next trip).\n\n  We ordered a Falafel salad,Pita strips with hummus and a Falafel wrap.I must say it was great.It totally satisfied my hummus craving and it kinda filled me up.\n\n  The place is kind of tiny but i am sure they would soon start a street called Aladdin's eatery;it is packed most of the time. the service is friendly and quick. And yes this was the place where i tried Middle Eastern food the first time *Spirals in front of me* I am not dizzy,it is a flashback for where i was 3 years back :)\n\n  -Smriti
I love tea and I love Teavana.  They always have teas to sample outside, and more inside.  \n\nLoose teas only last 10-13 days, which is NOT very long at all.  They say it will last up to a year if you buy it in the tin.  So I never buy loose teas from here, but I love coming in to get a cup of hot tea.
Lots of promotion for his own drink, before and even *during* the show, half-empty theater, late start, short duration, no band, karaoke and lip-sync, Loberace title is misleading, sad video intermezzo (clown swallowing balloon), strange Boy George imitation, corny jokes, too much talking, stage was too empty, "dancers".
After three visits, I can finally say that both the food and service are top notch. I've only had the wings and fried macaroni bites, but I've enjoyed them every time. The wings were large and cooked well. The flavours I've tried were honey garlic, BBQ and honey mustard. It's a small, clean spot with a few tables for dining in. I recommend it if you're in the mood for wings.
Cool little place, nice atmosphere and staff. Great coffee too, go check em out!
Very friendly front desk staff and helpful. Loved the rooms and the comfort of the bed. The attached restaurant had a nice staff and hood food selection. Bar was also nice.\nVery close to Illini athletics stadiums. Other area restaurants within driving distance.
I've been working out with this group for almost two years and have loved every minute of it. It's a challenging workout and you see results right away. The locations are convenient. The coaches are very supportive and attentive. It's a great way to get to know other moms in the area and have some adult time while the kids play.
Worst show I have ever seen. Luckily tickets were free, so I don't feel as upset... but it was absolutely a waste of 2 hours of my life. The performers have talent, but whoever wrote the show is lacking. I'm not sure how it has lasted for 3 years, especially on the strip. Don't waste your time or money.
We got to the drive thru at what ended up being the exact time that they closed. We didn't know about this, especially because they still took our order. But then we quickly found out when all of the kitchen came out and gave us really ugly looks as though he purposefully held them up and they were about to leave for the night. The good thing is we still got our food, and it was fresh! I think the best part about this place is that there is a drive thru. The food does seem to have a lot of MSG in it and I was bloated from the excess of sodium, but the fried rice was super delicious! I would probably go back
Went to toy shack got a leader class star scream out of box. We came a long way to find him, we seen him in the summer and he was waiting for us to come back to get him. Thank you Gabby you were so helpful
I've tried Bouchon in LA and recommended it to a group of friends during our Vegas trip. I think it's decently priced for lunch and a much better alternative to some of the (relatively) more popular places to eat for brunch (*ahem Mon Ami Gabi). \n\nI LOVE mussels, and the ones I had in Bouchon in LA were some of the best I've had. Thankfully, the one in Vegas remains the same. It's a huge portion size that makes the $25.50 price tag very worth it. My trick is to first eat the ones that allow me to dig a little hole and reach the white wine with saffron sauce. Then I can eat my mussels AND dip my french fries into the sauce at the same time! Pure deliciousness. :)\n\nI tried some of the croque madame and smoked salmon baguette which were both outstanding. A friend also ordered the special of the day which was a pork belly BLT. Service was a little slow, but we had a large group and I didn't mind that much. I was amazed at how identical the Vegas Bouchon and LA Bouchon looked. Uncanny!\n\nI really think this is the best Sunday brunch you'll find on the strip, granted you're looking for a French style brunch and not a buffet. The prices are probably a little more expensive, but the food is so, so much better!
I've been a bad Yelper. Bad bad Yelper. I should have updated this right after my appointment to keep you guys filled in, no excuse.  . .\n\nAbout a week after my visit, I noticed that my acrylics were peeling. The acrylic was peeling at the edge of my nail. That should NOT have happened. I tried to call but couldn't communicate well with the gal on the phone. All I got was "what time you come in?".\n\nUm. NO. \n(I have since remembered that my gal in Key West wrapped the acrylic b around the edge of my nail)\n\nI decided that I am now tired of trying to find new nail places. Bah humbug to that.\n\nSo I let the acrylic grow out and am working hard to maintain my nails.\nThen I discovered Jamberry Nails. I am in love and will probably never go back to a nail salon again.\n\nSo happy with my Jams that I think I'm going to sign up to sell them! \n\nPlllt nail salons.  . .pllt
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile now, since its right down the road from my house. But since they're not open for dinner or on the weekends I've never had the chance til today. I ordered it for lunch on a Monday and had it delivered. My doorbell was ringing 20 minutes after I hung up the phone. And it was delicious. Best taco ever! Enchilada was delicious & the salsa had the perfect heat and flavor. I'd highly recommend it, just wish they were open for dinner so my husband can try it too
We just returned from having Christmas dinner here and it was amazing. We opted to order from the regular menu rather than have the holiday dinner they had made available. The setting was very nice with great holiday music. The service was amazing- Nadine was our server and she was great.  As for the food it was delicious- better than Flemings steak house. We loved the grilled asparagus. We will definitely be returning.
I've been coming here for about 8 years. Almost every Friday after work for the last 8 years with my brother for drinks and ass whippin. (I'm extremely competitive.... and of course we are related so that adds to it) \n\nThe area of town is pretty hood. I've seen some shady shit transpire both in the building and out front. It's on 40th St. & and Thomas, what do you expect. The drink pour can be good or bad depending on the bartender (Shane is rad) and there really isn't anything to grub on worth mentioning (they have some crappy fried bar food) but I still consider Click's my go to pool hall. \n\nOh, and they recently added a patio from which you can get your smoke on and watch the dumpster divers in action. High class ass if you ask me...
A really really\nGood Korean spot to grab something to eat.\nIt is also very affordable, service is fast and friendly.\nNonetheless, be ready to wait , usually packed in this 30 seats restaurants.\n\nAnyway , we started with the Korean crepe , which was oily, but tastes excellent and crispy.\n\nThen, we went through our kimchi kimbab , hand down the best kimbab in Montreal  I've gotten since Vancouver ..\n\nLast and not least , we got the Korean poutine , which is a poutine based with rice cakes and kimchi --tasty and spicy it is indeed very different from the regular poutine . One can get tired of this dish pretty easily thou ! It should still fill one to two person easily .
We hired this company to do the pool and landscaping on our new home and it has been a disaster.  First of all the landscape designer did not listen to a single thing we said as she was much more interested in looking for additional ways to charge us money.  Then they were two months behind schedule on completion of the project.  We continue to have issues with the work that they did.  We have lost over 20% of the plants they planted and because the overseeded a young lawn, our lawn never recovered from winter.  In addition they improperly installed the pool causing us to leak water for months and costing over a thousand dollars.  We have tried to approach them about these issues but they continue to lie and make excuses.  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.  They only care about money, not the quality of work they do.
a 3 year update!\n\nI am still going to Ivan and I love how he is so accommodating, especially with my parents. My parents are old and my dad has alzheimers. It is hard for him to remember things and my mother who is also old doesn't know much about cars. All I have to do is give Ivan a call and tell him what needs to be done and he does without a problem. \n\nI can trust him to take care of my parents when they get there and make sure that everything is safe. I also know that he'll never take advantage of my parents who are so vulnerable at their age.
Good food, I ordered the beef platter for two. The service was good, the waitress frequently checked on us and helped us if we had any questions. I wasn't a big fan of the look of the place.
Solid food here. They're generous with their pizza toppings and everything tastes great. We tried several different pies and felt this place was a keeper. I wouldn't call it the best ever, but it was good enough that I ate too much.
Had the beef kabob plate and pistachio ice cream. Lovely with awesome service. Not sure they know what medium rare means, but the food tasted fantastic regardless.
Combine the music of the Beatles with the artistry and acrobatics of Cirque du Soleil and you get exactly what you expect- a fantastic show! Go see it! You'll LOVE it! :)
Ate here twice during our 3 day visit here in Edinburgh. Super friendly staff & fast service. We ordered the beef & pork burritos, quesadillas, chips & guacamole with Pale Ale beers. We enjoyed the pork burrito the most and my 4 year old son really loved his quesadillas. Definitely recommend this place !
Unexpectedly good seafood in the dessert! Raw oysters flown in daily. Sweet corn hush puppies & Buttermilk pie...wow! Attentive staff. Open kitchen.
This is a great place to get organic & natural foods & products. They also have a large bulk section for staples like grains, seeds, dried fruit, granola, etc. The hours are very convenient & the location is right in Lincoln Square where there is plenty of parking for both cars & bikes. It's a nice & adjacent stop from the weekend farmer's market. The co-op has a classroom\/art gallery for seminars and relaxing\/dining when the seminars aren't in session. There are outdoor dining areas, which are great when the weather's nice. I do have a habit of stopping by to have a coffee & scone before I pick up groceries. The place is laid back & clean. It's consistently an enjoyable experience.
Raise your hand if you knew what was the name of the bowl game that is play in Las Vegas every December. I didn't even know a post season bowl game was possible for a non-winning team.\n\nApparently they love to invite a 6-6 team like UCLA Bruins to come to Vegas. I'm pretty sure they would rather invite Cal Bears if they could.\n\nGet ready, here's the answer...I was here for the "LAS VEGAS Bowl" sponsored by Pioneer. Yep, even Wynn wouldn't touched that.\n\nIt was the disappointing UCLA Bruins vs the conference champ BYU (who incidentally lost to UCLA 27-17 earlier in the season). The luster was taken off a little whenever a rematch was schedule in a bowl game. The excitement has since been gone with UCLA manhandling BYU with a full healthy squad. Too bad the Bruins are decimated with injuries and had to start the 4th Quarterback of the season.\n\nThe stadium was located a mile off the UNLV campus and a short drive from the Vegas strip. It was a little confusing using the public transportation to get to the stadium as we barely got there on time. We almost didn't get to watch the first quarter due to the staff's confusing distribution of will call tickets. We were starting to sweat bullets when the kickoff started.\n\nOnce we did get to our seats, I was amazed on how good the tickets were. We were about 16 rows from the sideline and was very close to the north end of the end zone. We were assigned to the sections with the UCLA alumni with a few BYU fans able to buy the leftover tickets. I was delighted as the tickets for that area would have been about $50 for an alumni.\n\nThe stadium have about 40,000 seats for the game and was very cozy in terms of close proximity to the field. It's perfect for a Saturday college football game or a Monster truck event. I also heard that concerts and High school football championships were held in this stadium. Granted, I have been to a few High School football stadium that were a lot bigger, but with fewer seats as they also double as a track and field stadium. This was still a top notch Division I stadium.\n\nComparing to other bigger venues that I had went to (Dodger Stadium, Angel Stadium, Rose Bowl, Petco Park in SD), this stadium needs to update on the restroom facilities and maybe come up with a little bit more lighting around the stadium. Just a little brighter would be nice especially for a night game like the night we had.\n\nIn terms of concession stands, they do have alcoholic beverages and plenty of the similar stadium food around the country. The only thing I can say is that the price is a little bit lower than I thought it was, but I didn't want to spoil appetite as we have plans for a Bellagio buffet for dinner.\n\nThey have a jumbo tron on the scoreboard for each end for live action and replay of crucial plays. The only thing that bothers me was the announcer who have a monotone pitch voice. He needs to spice up to get more excitement for the crowd.\n\nWith an open air and the synthetic turf on the field, this would be perfect for a fast high scoring game. Alas with an inexperience Quarterback for UCLA and a BYU team that took awhile to fight off a tough UCLA defense, there was no high scoring offensive output.\n\nThe game was actually very exciting and very close to the end. The fans were rocking the stadium for both side and the game would eventually came down to the last play where UCLA had a chance to win the game by kicking a short field goal.\n\nThey set up a 28 yard field goal which is a gimme for the UCLA kicker. I had seen him kicked a 52 yarder early in the game. Here comes the snap, the place for the kick, and the kick........\n\nI wished I could tell you the result of the game. I left at Halftime just so we could avoid the cold temperature and make it to the Bellagio buffet. \n\nWe were starving!
Maybe the burger is good here but do not have the chicken burger. Honestly I could not eat it! I liked our server and service .\nThe bun was cold and looked old as if it came direct from a plastic bag. The chicken was so thick I had to cut it and it was tasteless-no flavor . It simply had been fried. \nI am giving it one star because. Tried my husbands sweet potato fries and it was nice but also cold. I came here thinking to beat the regular bad airport joints but next time I just go to any of the fast food joints.
I'm not crazy about the name. It reads as Public U.S., why not lowercase the 'u'? I don't get it. Despite that bit of odd branding the food won't leave you scratching your head. It's good. The place has a hipster vibe. It's what Downtown LV needs (along with more delicious restaurants). Open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner it's affordable yet refined. Good casual food that won't drain your wallet with an interior that's comfortable, approachable, trendy, and cozy. The friendly, young staff will gladly walk you through the menu and concept.\n\nAfter a couple visits several months apart I've got mixed feelings about the mixed berry muffin. The first time it was a wonderful mix of berries in a soft, squishy muffin with a crystalized sugar coating that added a nice contrast in textures. The second time the muffin was dry and crumbly.\n\nThere are plenty of other items to like. The Forbidden fried rice ($13) looked small, but was enough to satisfy with tiny cubes of pork mixed in the toothsome rice, covered in a sweet yakitori sauce. And I can't forget about the egg on top. After cutting into it and mixing everything together I got the full effect of all the components combing for a memorable dish.\n\nThat was the lone savory item I tried. My sweet tooth got the best of me on both occasions and I also tried the brookie ($3), part cookie, part brownie. It was the brownie that won out. Moist, chewy, and dense, it was the superior element of the two. The bourbon banana bread ($3) was good too. Dense and cakey, I was a fan of the rich banana flavor, the texture, and the sweetness of it all which wasn't too extreme.
The decor was great, as were the cocktails. However, the food itself was not up to the standards I'd expect for this type of place. We had a calamari apperitizer that was inedible, so we sent it back. I've never actually sent anything back before, so that is saying something. Our entrees were good, but not great. Overall, I like many others would likely return for the atmosphere and drinks, but not for a meal.
I've always loved Poke Bowls and I've tried a lot of them. For me, above anything the freshness of the fish has to be good in order to be called good poke. The quality of the fish at Yoshi Burritos was actually pretty good! There are also a lot of add ons, which is great! My favorite is mangos! There's not that many places that offer mangoes in their poke bowls but I was really happy they had those here. They also are very generous with their add ons, so I definitely think I was getting my money's worth. If you check in, they offer free miso soup, which was great cause it completes the whole meal. It's also a lot of food, so you can always split the bowl between two meals. The staff there were also very nice! Would definitely recommend!
Popped in after a fitness class to hang out with a friend to catch up and just girl chat.  First off the service was amazing!  I own a consulting firm that specializes in educating businesses (in the cosmetic medical field) in customer service, so I preach it day in and day out.  Jon H was our server (I think he was also the bartender) and he certainly had the customer service down!  Food was GREAT, and we didn't go 3 seconds with an empty glass.  I am not much of a burger girl, but there are so many other offerings (including the most addicting homemade kettle chips!)...  We will certainly be back!
Woohoo indeed.  The best gelato in the city.  I can't have ice cream or gelato any where else now since I'm disappointed by the quality and taste.  Thank goodness I don't live close to the shop or I would not fit into any of my clothes.  \n\nFriendly and helpful service.
So far 3 visits, one take-out experience. Pho Ga (Chicken) not on menu, but accommodated when requested. Portions small, and food $1-2 more expansive than most. Good spring roll, not worth stir-fry flat noodle, pho so-so. Service need a lot of training, like remembering to provide utensils at table or in takeouts. The place has no competition 4 mi. radius. It may either succeed or go out of business is next two years or less if they don't improve their business method. Good luck.
good burgers and service but disappointed  in the cheese. everything else tastes so fresh and they even post which farm the potatoes come from. the processed cheese didn't fit and was gross.
We celebrated a new job at Comida a couple weeks ago. I have to agree with small portions and a strange vibe on the patio. But guess what? The food was delicious and filling! I am happy to say the cocktails were inventive and surprising. We shared the guacamole, cheese crisp, corn off the cob and steak tacos. The churros are a must and turns out they are gluten free! I would gladly come back to Comida before or after they move to Myers Park.
Every Asian mom's favorite grocery store. One of my favorites, too, for that matter.\n\nI get my rice, Asian fruits, veggies, nori, and Korean bbq and banchan from here. \nTalk about Asian snacks galore. Not enough flavored KitKats but, enough gummy candies to make up for it. \n\nThey seriously have some of the tastiest (homemade) banhans evs. Love their pickled radishes and seaweed salad.\n\nJust recently started making my own miso salmon and they have a ridiculous amount of miso selection that I took 15 minutes to decide which one to purchase.\n\nOddly enough, they best part of Greenland is that they have a food court outside of the grocery store that I can eat various Asian\/Korean foods before buying my groceries.
From the food to the service this place is just meh. I got the 3 Brewers burger and it was not very good at all. I love onions but there was way too much raw onion in this burger. The service was also not very good, the lady didn't even try talking to us until we were paying the bill. I got a pint of the white beer they make and it was okay but also not the best. Would not recommend coming here even if all you want is a burger and fries.
Totally Amazing experience!  Everything was delicious and filing.  We stopped by after the Neon Museum for lunch. The staff was gracious and courteous. I ordered the Ruben with their tomato salad. The best I've had in a long time! My wife went for the truffle egg sandwich - delicious!  Our friends both ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup. It was better than what Mom ever made.\nPortions were perfect! We all left full and satisfied. \nBest off strip lunch and breakfast spot. Step away from the strip buffets (where everything tastes the same) and eat some real food! Can't go wrong!
Where did Rudi go?\nWhen did they install the overhead weather shielding at the gas pumps?\nWhen i was at this Circle K last was in April 2015. \nIts a very busy location. Lots of Traffic. \nGo easy on the cashiers at the till they bearly get a chance to take a breather, because of so much foot traffic in and out
4.5\/5. My favourite burrito joint besides the late 'California burrito' also off of Trafalgar years ago. I prefer this burrito joint over muchos burrito, burrito master etc because the meat is fresh instead of having them in bins. It's all made to order. The actual restaurant is nothing to write home about but I rarely see a really nice burrito place. Only issue I have is the insulting amount of Tostitos they give with your burrito. It's almost on the side of funny. Last time I went they gave me 3 chips.......
Zucchini Chips... YES!!!  These are Fantastic!!!  They have terrible fries (so do most places in my view - so what)!  Chicken Souvlaki - Perfectly seasoned, Red Onion (always a plus) and Tomato - Great Cucumber Dressing (Thick)!!!  Great Pita!  Yesterday for lunch - Very good!  Service was fine as usual for Nolen Kitchen.\n\nThis is a good place to get Dessert and sometimes a GREAT place to get Dessert!\n\n9-1-2012 My Girlfriend and I checked out one of their Burgers!  I have had  a Burger here before and remembered that it was very good!  This one was exceptional and the slice of Avocado set it off!
This is one of the best kept secrets in the east valley. The service here is Amazing!! Allison served us and the owner gave us great advice on the Cordon Chicken Schnitzel. Also you need to make sure you try the Pierogi Starter.
Das Luxushotel Hotel Bellagio liegt direkt am Las Vegas Strip und ist für die einzigartigen Wasserspiele bekannt. Es gehört zu den größten und besten Hotels in der Welt und wurde im Jahre 1998 eröffnet. Vorher befand sich auf dem Gelände das Hotel "The Dunes".\n\nSeit 2010 gehört es zum Verbund der MGM Resorts International, zu dem auch die Vegas Hotels Mandalay Bay, MGM Grand, Mirage und New York-New York gehören. Das Hotel Bellagio war in der Vergangenheit Kulisse für die Hollywood Filme Ocean's Eleven und Ocean's 13. \n\nDas Hotel hat nach dem letzten Umbau 3.933 Zimmer und ist der Landschaft des Comer Sees nachempfunden. Die Hotelausstattung ist auf höchstem Niveau. Die Ladenpassage "Via Bellagio"mit Designerboutiquen von Chanel, Hermes, Giorgio Armani, Gucci, Prada, Yves Saint Laurent, Fred Leighton und, Tiffany & Co. Ist spektakulär.\n\nEin großes Kasino mit 10.800 m² und 100 Spieltischen mit Blackjack, Caribbean Stud Poker, Craps, Keno, Let It Ride, Poker, Pai Gow Poker, Roulette, Sportsbook, Big Six, Baccarat und 2.500 Slots befindet sich ebenfalls im Hotel. Im legendären Bobby's Room wird um mindestens 20.000 $ gespielt.\n\nDarüber hinaus gibt es zwei Hochzeitskapellen, Theater, Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art und etliche Restaurants, darunter auch das Restaurants Picasso mit zwei Sternen sowie Le Cirque und Michael Mina mit je einem Stern.\n\nHerzstück sind sicherlich die "Fountains of Bellagio" mit einer computergesteuerten Wassershow, die zu wechselnder Musik tanzen. Die Vorführungen finden Montag bis Freitag von 15:00-20:00 Uhr alle halbe Stunde und von 20:00-24:00 Uhr alle Viertelstunde statt. Am Samstag, Sonntag und an Feiertagen von 12:00-20:00 Uhr alle halbe Stunde und von 20:00-24:00 Uhr alle Viertelstunde.\n\nEin wirklich faszinierendes Hotel, wo man für kurze Zeit vergisst, dass man sich direkt am Strip befindet.
I ordered the "Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu" special, with the wine pairing.  The service was great (although, different people were serving me at different times, so it was difficult to keep track of who I needed to ask questions of).  I came alone and was one of the first to be seated; unfortunately, I had to watch everyone coming into the restaurant (on the right side of the restaurant as you walk in, near the kitchen).  I would have preferred a seat where I did not feel like I was at a bar or waiting to get seated during my entire meal (which lasted two hours).  The first course, the salad, was delicious (I really wanted more), the second course, the scallop risotto, was not good- the scallop was almost rubbery; I asked about it and I was told that that is the way they cook them at Steak. I was taking my time on some of the dinner (the third course, the Wellington & the dessert course, the Sticky Toffee Pudding) because they were so good; however, because I was taking my time, my food was taken away from me (I guess they assumed I was finished eating).   My favorite part of this meal was the dessert.  I am not a big dessert person when I go out to eat because they are not made to perfection.  The Sticky Toffee Pudding is indescribable- just order it if you go to Steak.  I don't see how they can mess this one up. The pairings were all well chosen, especially for desert (they paired the toffee pudding with the "Sierra Blanca, Bone Chiller, Brown Ale, New Mexico."  I will go back to Steak, but I will never order the Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu again. I know there are other menu items that I can order that are better left on their own.
This place has the best gyros in Vegas and the staff is very friendly. We will definitely visit here every time we visit vegas
Nice atmosphere, friendly service, but a bit disappointed they had run out of their stout. The IPA was good however and my wife enjoyed her Pecan Pie Brown. Tried an order of their soft pretzel sticks. Way too bready and over priced for the 3 pieces you get. We will definitely go back next time we are in Gilbert however to try the stout and maybe a different appetizer or an entree.
The soup here is off the hook.  It's beautiful.  I've tried several of their varieties, and in each, the broth was rich and flavorful and each was full of "stuff".  You won't run out of veggies\/meat\/noodles before you run out of soup.\n\nThis isn't a salad bar.  Everything is prepared for you and nicely presented. Yay!
Robin Hill is lovely place to hike, miles and miles of trail, a creek to frolic in if you're of the four-legged variety, an herb garden, and an open stage that hosts bands in the summer and fall. The trails are buried deep among the trees and seem very removed from civilization. Bring a pup and or a hiking pal, and enjoy the solitude that is just steps from busy Thorn Run Road.
Escape RoomPittsburgh was so much fun! This activity would be great for team building or just a fun hour spent with friends. \n\nOur group was locked in the laboratory and had an hour to figure out how to escape. There's a lot of information thrown at you at once as you work to gather all the clues to help your team escape. The real challenge is determining what's important, and what's a red herring. There are quite a few misleading pieces of information. \n\nOur group was  able to move through the clues quickly until we got stuck on one. A hint was slipped under the door and we eventually got it. We escaped with time to spare! After our game, the woman working was very friendly and explained some of the things we overlooked or became focused on but were really not part of the game. \n\nI would highly recommend Escape Room for everyone. You don't have to be extremely smart to play, but you do have to be able to think outside the box. I would love to do the prison room next and hope they continue to add rooms!
Visiting from Detroit.\n\nAmbiance-sutle, lights are good not too dark not too flashy. Music is little loud, can go 1 or 2 notch down.\nPresentation-Good, Clean.\nService-friendly, you can ask for suggestions. There are many dishes are not on menu which you can order.\nFood-Depending on what you order. Could be very oily. Mutter Methi Malai was out of the world. Perfectly spiced and flavored.\n\nI will definitely comeback.
This has to be the worst pita establishment. The service and food are TERRIBLE.  If I could give 0 or less stars I would...... do your stomach a favour....PLEASE DO NOT EAT HERE
Always a treat we have come in here when we visited Arizona the last few times. And now we just recently moved here and have taken visiting relatives there every time they come. We love the fresh tasting ice cream and homemade waffle cones and always nice to see the different flavors my girls love it. And I have to say the service is excellent.  They usually come by and  ask us if we need any water and help my girls with coloring books. Just a very friendly atmosphere .Keep up the good work.
Great! just needs a bit more variety so I can go back more often. But I love this place
The best iced coffee hands down!!!!  It is amazing and the woman who runs\/owns it is adorably sweet!!! I'm addicted!
I didn't like the service I received and the place was so tired and gross. My room wasn't ready so I waited in the center space. The tables smelled sour and the wifi was spotty and the music was so loud and obnoxious it sounded like they were preparing for a dance party. I asked the front desk if they would turn down the music (I was the only person in the whole place) and she said "I wouldn't even know how to do that so no." Unacceptable. My room was tucked away in a back corner so it was quiet (except for road noise). The bed was comfortable but the rest of the furniture was so tired and gross i didn't want to sit on it. Not up to the Hilton standards for sure.
Overall experience was decent. Our cashier was Aaron who did not have much costumer service or interest in our experience. Being first timers we weren't sure about what to do and he left us without directions. \nOur pedal boat had a broken pedal on the right hand side, that came on and off. \nHowever the price was competitive and 10% off for ASU students. \nWent around 10:40 on a Saturday morning and not much traffic with easy parking.
Love this place! The menu and pictures look amazing! Only thing is they were out of fresh coconut juice other than that it's almost perfect
Companies like this prey on OUR community and should be shut down. No one of color should support after seeing how they treated Tiffany. If you stomp on our feet, we will stomp you out of business.
I've been eating Mexican food for 50 years, mostly on the west coast.  Last night, I was in Phoenix and my colleague, who lives there, suggested eating at Abuelo's.\n\nThe building is elegant, with very nice decorations and wall murals.  Good enough to take a date.\n\nI ordered the marinated steak Fajitas while my colleague and his wife ordered different items.  Service was excellent and so we're all three dishes.  My marinated steak was (and I don't exaggerate) the best I've ever had.  Really!\n\nWe all agreed on a 5 star rating for this place.  This review is for the Peoria location, the only one I've tried.
Jenna is extremely knowledgeable in both hair design AND color.  She listens to what you want and makes recommendations when you don't that are ALWAYS spot on.  When I leave the salon I feel polished and like it happened naturally...which it didn't!!  Plus having to sit in a chair with a funny, smart kind woman for an hour or two makes the who experience great from start to finish.  Highly recommend Jenna!
So I have started to come to the realization that I am getting older. What is it that made me start to accept this fact? The two day hangover. \nThe two day hangover is very similar to the one day hangover including the cravings for some of the greasiest, not good for the pool body, food you can find, that's where Lobby's comes into play. \nAfter another long but epic weekend in old town I found myself reminiscing about the blurry weekend with my coworker on Monday morning. The next thing you know lunch had arrived. With that two day hangover still lingering for both of us we agreed grease is the answer. \nThanks to fellow yelpers I came across Lobby's on the top ten hottest restaurants. Now I work in Tempe and the food selection in my opinion is far from stellar so I when I saw Lobby's only a few blocks from the office I was sold. \nNow I am a California guy grew up in Nor Cal so no true passion for Midwest food other than the fact that every time I have had it I was happy with the results. This is no exception. \nWe walk in and are greeted by the owner. I look at the simple yet delicious looking menu and just stare. He can tell I am having some trouble so to ease my pain he suggest a full  Spicy Italian Beef  sandwich full dip with fries and a drink. Without hesitation I agree. \nThis by far one of the best Italian beef sandwiches I have had. The beef was tender; the bread was great and the spicy peppers gave it the kick it needed. I know the full dip is the classical way to go but I would probably go California style next time and get the au jus on the side got a little to soggy for my taste. Honestly if I could make up cool phrases like Guy Fieri does on Triple D I would use everyone I had here. This is a must hit in the East Valley. Sorry Luke's the competition has arrived.....
We stopped by here during a road trip and left as completely satisfied customers. \n\nLocation: situated on the main road with easy accessibility by car and foot. There are two drive through lanes so be sure to check which line is shorter before pulling in. There is also an ordering counter in the front with about 4 outdoor tables. \n\nAmbience: really lively environment with techno music (Swedish house mafia) playing in front of store. Even though it was 10 am I felt the music gave a nice boost to your energy in addition to the coffee. \n\nCustomer service: Dutch bros is known for the friendly and and conversational service and this visit did not disappoint. The person who took our order was named Helen and she was super friendly and helped us pick our ideal drinks as our first visit. We noticed customers in the drive-through striking up conversations as if they were regular customers. \n\nDrinks: delicious! We ordered the kickers and the dutch freeze which were delicious. The kicker was a little sweet but that was expected given the Irish cream. Prices were very reasonable as well. \n\nConclusion: overall great location, ambience, and customer service that is fitting for a small town. Will definitely come back to this location again.  Unfortunately there are no Dutch Bros south of Merced in California. Hopefully they will open one in SoCal soon!
Here for my first time yesterday with the girlfriend. The dim sum was very good, they came over right away with the cart. We both had a noodle dish, and shared some veggie spring rolls. I have the Singapore noodles with veggies and added chicken, don't remember what she got. Mine was spicy and yummy, hers was a little salty but good. Service was good, nice and quiet. Will be back.
Went to get a coffee before I got some errands today. Wanted to get a dirty chai. My boyfriend had been here before and told me they gave him grief the last time he asked for one. And to my shock they have expresso and they have chai but said they couldn't make it. And after telling them to just add it to the chai.the barista hesitantly says "ummmm I can make the chai and the espresso but you have to pour it in ". And at the end we had chai and a cup of espresso separate we had to pour in as if it was a barista sin to mix both. This place is pretentious yuppie hipster hang out with no customer service. I hate this fake wanna be New York undiscovered hang out it reeks of. Good coffee bad service.
Thought it was hard to mess up fried Chinese food. I was wrong. Had the egg rolls, crab rangoon and general tsaos chicken. No flavor and no spice. Might be cheap. But will definitely not order again.
This place has gone to the dogs... and kids! First, Camden Summit allows ALL dogs. They claim there are breed restrictions (the only dog listed by name is the Pit Bull Terrier), but as long as they can get a lease on an apartment, they will let ANY dog live here; regardless of size or "aggressive behavior". I know for a fact, that there are at least three Pit Bull Terriers on this property. The office says that if residents do not tell them, how the office could know; or the resident could just say that the dog is a different breed (no one would ever know), the staff are not AKC judges. \n\nNext, most of the dog owners are horrible! They leave their dogs on the patio\/balcony ALL DAY (and some nights) and allow them to bark constantly. Tenants rarely pick up after their dogs; it may be because the property does not stock pet waste bags regularly, or just because they are LAZY. The property does have a groundskeeper, but it seems he only works part-time; there is no way one person can clean up after hundreds of dogs defecating multiple times a day. Because of this, there is dog waste EVERYWHERE. Also, many dog owners let their dogs out OFF A LEASH! It is Nevada state law that all dogs must remain on a leash and under control. It is not uncommon to see a Rottweiler, Pit Bull, or a German Shepard roaming around without an owner in site. I assume it will take a child getting MAULED before Camden Summit will enforce the rules. It will be great when the official word from Camden Summit will be, 'we had no idea this was going on, we would have done everything in our power to stop the offenders before an accident like this could happen.' All the staff sees it, I have brought it to their attention; but they are terrified of confrontation, so they never say anything; COWARDS!\n\nAlso, the kids in this neighborhood are OUT OF CONTROL. The parents are either not home or they simply do not care where their children are or what they are doing. They are like roaming packs of hoodlums. Always yelling, screaming, cursing, throwing rocks at buildings, cars, dogs, and people; breaking trees, bushes, and fences; constantly biking, skating, scooting in front of cars (assuming drivers can stop in time). Again, it will only be AFTER a child is hit, will the parents and the property be concerned.  \n\nThis USED to be a nice place, but it has gone WAY downhill in the past six months; these HORRIBLE tenants have run off all the old staff. Not ONE person who works here now was here just a year ago. And the new manager and staff is either INCOMPETENT or simply do not care how bad this neighborhood has become. At this point, I will NOT renew my lease; and you should LOOK ELSEWHERE to live (if you value your sanity).
Had a great lunch there with friends.  Very fresh indian dishes and some unique variations that had amazing flavor.
Went for dinner Aug 2012 at the roof patio. Food was ok for a pub I guess, standard menu with no surprises and fair dishes. Service was below average. Too many tv sets around for a patio. Small separate place in the back for smokers - not too friendly for a big open patio. Bit overpriced as well - would rather spend that amount of money to go a restaurant trying a new dish or better cooked. Overall average rating although it looks great from the street view.
Tiger BBQ serves more than BBQ.. Any dish you think belongs to North Eastern China, you can find it here.\n\nOf course a lot of the dishes can be quite spicy, the menu didn't mark any of those dish off with pepper symbol so proceed with caution. My waitress was nice enough to ask me if I can eat spicy after she took my order.\n\nLamb Skewers ($4.50) only comes in an order of 4 was delicious . A good mixture of fat and lean, the texture was tender. A good dash of spice... cough cough... \n\nJello ($4.99) 川北凉粉 Jello has a more doughy texture, the sauce is well balanced with soy sauce, peanut and hot sauce.\n\nMenu is diverse including BBQ fish in hot pot and even BBQ whole rabbit and some exotic organs of cow talking about head to tail..\n\nCash Only!
LGO..I give you props bc you keep it real and do something different. From the food to the atmosphere, you are truly original here in the valley. This place is great for a number of things from bfast to lunch to wine to cheese to dessert to groceries...the list goes on and on. The open market style of this place makes it so much cooler than so much around here.\n\nBreakfast: Pretty much everything is delicious, healthy, and made extremely well\/fresh. If you're in a healthy mood I def recommend the 'Daybreaker." Egg white omelet with roasted turkey breast, topped w\/ tomato-avocado salsa (bomb salsa!). If you're in the mood for something a bit more tasty, I love their Croque Madame.\n\nLunch: All the sandwiches are great. Not too big, so a good place if you're looking to keep it light, and again plenty of healthy and fresh options. I liked the BLT w\/ guac. Salads are all premade, but most likely daily and I've always had a fresh tasting one. By far my favorite is the Chopped Turkey. All the ingredients blend so well and it's big enough to fill you up.\n\nDinner: I guess the Pizzeria next door is separate, but I'll just include it here. Pizzas were great, nothing I'd want to make a special trip to LGO for, but def something to keep in mind if you're there during lunch\/dinner and if you feel like pizza. Very light and flavorful and love that you get options for cheese *check the bottom of the menu. Def not the best gourmet pizza, but a good one. Crust on the pizza was great, slightly crispy and great dough.\n\nCheese\/Desserts: CHEESE! Great options here. And the best part...you get to sample! If you don't know, the little plastic containers next to almost all cheeses are for your consumption! Grab a toothpick and taste away. Then turn 180 and grab a bottle of wine. Desserts are all made fresh from the bakery next door and offer not only great taste but awesome design. Check in for a review on them soon.\n\nAs you can tell, LGO offers so much that you should make it a point to stop in for anything (food, wine, cheese, candy, etc) and just check out the whole place for yourself. A cool and trendy crowd always in attendance, indoor\/outdoor\/patio seating, and great chill music. Gotta love a little Jack Johnson and an Orange Pellegrino on a nice morning in AZ....and congrats on the LA location, you know you get love from me on that!\n\n** The reason I gave it 4.5 not 5 stars is bc I think they could do a little better with the bread options for their sandwiches. They do have amazing loafs for sale...so maybe they should start using those as choices bc that would def make all their sandwiches just taste that much better.
Please improve the cleanliness of your rooms and sanitize your hotel. We need better customer service who can pay more attention to a customer's CONCERN without giving me attitude in what SHE CAN DO FOR ME. I asked for the hotel manager that night because the house keeping grave yard "manager" in charge that Friday night, October 4th, AM in the morning, was not compliant as I expected her to be. I found a cockroach in my room next to my HEAD on the couch! She said there was nothing they can do to make my stay better other than sending a house keeper to come up to KILL the roach.  She did not offer me a better room nor did she address my concern or offer any sort of compensation or upgrade until I requested for the Hotel Manager and made our conversation awkward because I kept asking her, "are you serious? there's nothing you can do?!". When I called front desk about it, all they did was inform me that housekeeping is on their way. Housekeeping took 15 minutes to reach my room and by that time, I had to kill it before it reached my bags and luggage because it started to walk downwards off the wall to the carpet! This made me think how unsanitary this place is! We walk barefoot on the carpet.  We sit on the carpet. How do you know if these cockroaches laid eggs or laid droppings on the beds, carpet and the fact that they can crawl into my luggage in the middle of the night is absolutely disturbing! I do not need to bring cockroaches home and infest my whole house because of RIO's cockroach situation! We were on the 3rd floor! Can you imagine how large of an infestation of cockroaches you have on the first floor in your kitchens and restaurants! I eat at those restaurants! I have been a loyal customer to RIO since I can last remember and this type of situation and customer service needs to be brought up to Human Resources! Had I not asked for the Hotel Manager, I would have not gotten another room.  The weird thing is it ended up to be the last room down the longest hall ever on the 14th floor. Was that a coincidence or on purpose because I found a cockroach in your room? The Hotel Manager should have given us a Suite or some sort to make me forget what I experienced.  Either way, thank YOU to the hotel manager who gave us a new room (I will ignore the fact that it was the last room on the hall).  As for the GRAVE YARD "HOUSE KEEPING MANAGER" that night, you need a GOOD COACHING or WRITE UP for being the most unfriendly MANAGER at RIO!  I will post this on social media sites thanks to you!!
Always quality work- zippers,  hemming and stitching!!  Great prices and quality service!
I went there for a friend's birthday party.  The decor was very different, you feel like you are in one of the girl clothing store (Modern Luxury feel).  The food was pretty good for it's price.  I had Salmon Salad, Burger and Hanger Steak.  The steak came out cold the first time but the Chef apologize and went ahead made us a new plate right away.  The service was good but it was slow... Our server was nice but everything came out the kitchen were just slow.
I haven't done many buffets in Vegas. I'm too into food I think. It's a problem. However, my friend's dad swore by this buffet in Paris. \n\nI'm still not big into buffets, but I'll give my review. \n\n$24 for the buffet and $11 for bottomless drinks. If you gamble, just save the $11 and go sit at a table or slots. You'll have a couple of mediocre drinks and be on your way. Plus, we waited in line for 15-20 minutes so you tend to want to eat and go about your day. \n\nYou've got food from all over the world. This is their theme or attractiveness. I had nothing that surprised me with pleasantness. \n\nI'd recommend getting small portions at each station so you can taste a variety. My friend didn't do this and ended up having one tall hodgepodge of a plate. Plus, you might as well taste it all incase something does entice your tastebuds. \n\nThe seafood is supremely overcooked. The mussels had the consistency of smoked oysters. The clams were stuck like chuck to the shell and if you pry them out, you'll end up chewing some shell. Woof. \n\nThe meat was tough and dry. And overcooked. \n\nGet some cocktail shrimp. That's a safe good thing. \n\nThere was a station that was savoit (something like that, sorry), and the veggies were ok. There was a tomato salad that was also very ok. It could have used more reduced balsamic reduction. \n\nThis is all a reach. It wasn't good. This did not turn my dislike of buffets around.
Finally checked out their store in Kensington Market. My work always has a popcorn bar catered from this company so I already knew I would love it. They have tons of flavours and you can try them at them all at the store. I will definitely visit again.
We came here with my moms before blue man show a way back.  Been here about 3 times altogethere.  Nice prices a
Quite possibly the best New York style pizza you'll find on the West Coast. If you've dealt with sub-par NY pizza around town, come to this pizza place and you will not be disappointed.\n\nAs you walk through the vintage Italian album collage leading to pizza paradise, you'll find a few gems - including an old San Remo cover - before finding your cheesy reward.  They use cornmeal to crisp the crust and the cheese is stringy and delish.  It feels like a pizza speakeasy amid so many trendy restaurants on that level inside Cosmopolitan, but well worth the mystery hunt to get there.
THE DUMP!!!!  Great name, but misleading.  I was expecting to find very inexpensive furniture piled high on top of itself in some musty old building.  The kind of place where you really have to dig to find that hidden treasure that is really a steal.  \n\nWow was I wrong.\n\nMy preconceived notions were shattered the moment I pulled into the parking lot.  "Wait a second, this is the old costco home.  they must have only taken part of the space."  Nope.  The whole building,  apparently about 5 acres of space.\n\nMaybe it's a bit bigger and nicer than I thought but with it being so large I am bound to find some things my broke A$$ can afford.  Once again. Nope.  \n\nI don't mean to say that they are overpriced but I was surprised that they were carrying brands like Century Furniture.  Definitely a higher end brand.  I guess I was just expecting something different.  After a few months I think that they will start carrying some brands that don't cost so much.  After all, Tempe isn't the high end center for furniture that they apparently think it is.  \n\nThey are only open on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.  Apparently the rest of the week is spent replenishing stock from what sold over the weekend.  \n\nI have been thinking about changing my review from 3 to 4 stars since a lot of my disappointment was based on preconceived notions.  I have decided, however, that with a name like the dump you set yourself up to be looked at a certain way.  Therefore the 3 stars stay.
Everything about this restaurant is meticulously planned with the customer experience in mind. From the murals on the wall to the staff and servers, every bit of the place made me feel cared for and entertained. The owner is also always present and willing to talk with you about your experience. The food is flavorful and consistently delicious and I've never had a bad meal here. This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Phoenix and I'm sure you'll love it too.
Better variety of paints, brushes and supplies than other art stores in the area.  They have necessary supplies for art students and serious artists but they have crafty stuff and creative toys and stuff like that.  It would be a good place to get stuff for your kids to work with or even a group of adults who want to do a craft night.   They do good framing also.
Experience varies day-to-day depending on staff.  Some staff are the best in town and provide the highest level of customer service.  Other staff members, well... They leave a lot to be desired with inattentiveness being a key factor.
Our dinner at Bravo Bistro was fair. Nothing special, nothing to go out of your way for.  The appetizer portions were small. Calamari was very tasty but only provided a few bites. I ordered the linguini in clam sauce. Adequate portion but sauce was tasteless. No garlic flavor, watery and bland. The stuffed eggplant was also bland. We ordered garlic bread for some flavor. What came out for $4.00 a serving were small melba toast-like round crusty pieces of dried out bread. \nThe service was great and attentive, but if you want flavorful, interesting food you'll have to go somewhere else.
Gentlemen, Frank is your guy.\n\nSkilled - Frank wields scissors, clippers, razor, blowdryer and hair products like the veteran pro he is.\n\nExperienced -  Want a standard cut? Frank knows them all and he'll get you done with no goddamned nonsense. Well, except for a nice shampoo first. Who doesn't like a nice shampoo? \n\nAttentive and creative - Looking for some tweaks to give you a personal touch or to reflect the latest style? At little Frank'll do ya. Frank can probably out talk anyone, but he's also a good listener and he is flexible and well, creative. \n\nTell him what you're looking for and if you're smart you'll listen to his thoughts on the matter. Repeated visits means he'll become familiar with your hair type and dumb old head shape and may sensibly encourage you away from, or towards, certain cuts or styles. \n\nBut if you're completely convinced that you want that cut from Inglorious Basterds that all the vest wearing, embearded hipsters are trying to pull off right now, he'll give it to you.\n\nReasonably priced - Do you like your stylist cut at barber prices? Then why not tip the man?
Great food, great service, great view. The ravioli, the only vegetarian option, was amazing! The steaks were also very good. Of course, this place has the best creme brulee in town!
For many years PNC Park has been the home of the struggling Pittsburgh Pirates and I've witnesses more than a few losses here during that time. Fortunately, it seems like things are finally changing this year (knock on wood repeatedly). Unfortunately, my trip to the city this week just happened to be during the All-Star break, so I was not able to catch a game at this beautiful ballpark. Regardless, I still took the subway over to the stadium to walk around and take some pictures. \n\nWith the Pittsburgh skyline visible over the outfield and great seating and food vendors throughout, it's no wonder this is considered one of the premiere ballparks in the Major League. It was a much needed and serious upgrade from the old Three Rivers Stadium (RIP), which hosted both the Pirates and the Steelers for decades. \n\nDon't want to worry about parking? Then take the subway to the new, nearby North Side terminal or walk across the Roberto Clemente bridge, which is sometimes only open to foot traffic during game day.\n\nSo, now that the NL handily won the All-Star game, maybe PNC Park can host the World Series this year?  Let's go Bucs!!!
Kelee is a phenomenal lender. He works hard for his clients and is very up to date on the knowledge of the market. He is with you every step of the way and very on top of staying in touch. I would highly recommend Kelee to help in any home purchase!
When I lived in Charlotte, I would save going to the Flying Biscuit (Stonecrest) for special occasions. The price was the deciding factor on that. I could get a cheaper breakfast elsewhere. On my recent visit to Charlotte, I found they had opened another location on Park Rd. Wonderful! It was within a few minutes of where I was staying, and I had enough money for such an opportunity. \n\nFirst, I always get their breakfast and second, I make sure it comes with their grits. As Faith D. pointed out, they taste like they are made with sour cream, which brings a wonderful tangy flavor to a traditional Southern item. Also, there is a hint of what I believe to be cheddar cheese. Normally, I'll have mine plain and add pepper and butter but it's healthy to deviate once in a while. \n\nMy main dish was decided before I stepped in the door. I wanted some biscuits and gravy. The gravy had a creamy, savory flavor to it however they used their stock biscuits for the base. The reason I think this isn't the best idea is they are sweeter than usual. What this seems to do in my opinion, is clash with the gravy. Sometimes sweet 'n' salty works, but not in this case. It would do them well to server their sweeter biscuits on the side with that apple butter of theirs (which is delightful in its own right) and get a standard biscuit for dishes like this. \n\nSome people seem to have had trouble with their service. Maybe I got a good one, but I didn't have any trouble with them. They all were pleasant and attentive. Also, the decor is something that I would expect to see in Yellow Springs, OH: funky, fun, and farm-like. I don't think my opinion of this restaurant has change since my last visit. I will go back again, provided I have the money to do so.
I'm coming in hear to get some Ear Plugs.  I understand the staff working in a Gun Shop being a little suspicious of any customer they may be meeting for the first time and I want to make the best impression on the staff surrounded by this many weapons.  Before entering I remove and leave in the car: my hoodie, camera and cell phone (anything that looks as though I may be concealing a large to medium sized weapon, I'm wearing 2008 skinny jeans (no room for an ankle holster here) and a t -shirt (I would have worn a plain one if I had thought about it (this one has a skull on it)!  Even though I did not look like a person who should be going into a Gun Shop I wanted to look as normal as I could without wearing a disguise!\n\nCollapsible Batons are illegal for civilians to carry, so forget about that!\n\nTazers - Cool Video!  This may be the way to go if you do not want a "lethal" weapon!  Check out this video!\n\nSmall hand guns are easily concealable and easily transportable, though a smaller lighter gun is going to "kick" more -  Weight to a gun has a recoil advantage though a "carrying" disadvantage (weight) There are many factors to consider and the staff here is patient to answer questions and good about asking you questions to find the best "fit"!  Guns may not be the best option for everyone!\n\nInstruction at an "off-site" campus is offered so you can learn to properly handle your weapon!  Instructional Programs are selected by skill level, so if you are a beginner you will be learning with others who may have never touched a Firearm!\n\nIf you are going to carry Pepper Spray you need to know it will probably get on you if you are spraying it outdoors even if there is no wind and indoors in a tight space it can be real bad!\n\nHave you heard of the "crazies" who are only marginally affected by Tear Gas, Mace and Pepper Spray, Even the Police grade Combination of the three (with a 20 feet stream, even a entire Police sized can emptied on one person - First the Eyes, up the Nostrils, in the mouth and throat and last the crotch - It burns and in hot weather in burns much much more, it is painful I can tell you from experience... In 1995 I had a friend empty a whole CAN (Police Grade and Volume) on me for a College Group Demo - We had friends on the Police Force and they brought us the product they were using - the Police did not want to spray me though they volunteered to instruct my friend how to administer the Spray most effectively - First my friend gave me a little "taste" Face, Eyes and mouth, right away I could tell it was not going to deter, much less stop me!  Our Police buddies instructed my friend to unload the entire can on me!  Unfortunately the crowd got more than they expected (outdoor demo with a little wind)!  It was hard for me to keep my eyes opened, it was painful though I demonstrated that I could still run around and talk and was not noticeably hindered by the pain and irritation of the intense burning sensation from the spray!   It wore off completely in forty five minutes and I went to the Doctor for a minor eye infection and slight eye strain the next day or the day after that!  It seems that you build a further resistance to the burning as I have stuck my fingers in my eyes after mincing hot peppers and sprayed "breath spray" in my eyes (by accident of course)!
Shorter wait time, less crowded when we were there two nights ago.  The staff is very friendly.  Hopefully, we won't have to go back to any ER but if we do, we will definitely go here rather than the hospital ER and\/or urgent care.
After a long night out with friends, someone decided to fall asleep in my car and woke up suddenly needing to vomit. Unfortunately my car didn't win in this scenario at all. Splatter stains literally all over the car...on the ceiling, the passenger and driver side windows and doors, the back seat (I have cloth seats too, not leather!) and of course all over the outside. I took it to a quick wash just to get the outside cleaner, but knew I needed a professional for the rest of it. \n\nI am so happy I called Race Day! They were able to schedule me two days later, and Aaron the detailer called me about 30 minutes before he was going to show up just to make sure I was ready. They showed up and started working on my GMC Terrain shortly after I told them the mishap that they were about to encounter. I went outside and checked on them frequently, thinking they would be in and out in about 2 hours. No. THEY SPENT 4 HOURS ON MY CAR!!! Im sure some of it had to do with the stains, but I was so impressed by their professionalism and perfectionist attitude towards my car.\n\nIt is almost 2 weeks later and my car still looks like it got detailed 2 days ago! The inside still smells great, shines, and I can't see any dust accumulating on the dash, which I normally see like a day after I get it washed. The outside still has the beautiful shine to it, and even though it's monsoon season, my car doesn't have any water stains on it! \n\nWe will definitely use Race Day again! My husband was so amazed by the work that they did, we are going to call them for his car too! You won't be disappointed if you use Race Day!
As Target stores go, this one in Monroeville is a strong average. Not too big, not too great a selection, not really great bargains, not really friendly or overly helpful staff, just average all the way. On the other hand, there are not fights in the aisles or people getting mugged in the parking lot like some other stores we've heard about recently. Shop here, you'll be safe, you'll probably get what you need. And there's a nice Giant Eagle next door.
Been here a few times, wife loves it because of their hot dogs. Burgers or steakburgers as they call it, is pretty good. This location always have a great environment, and is always clean.    Seems like they are always busy and always have a lot of high school kids working there, so patients is needed at times.\nNow for their hot dogs:\nWife likes them, buns are buttered toasted. Dogs are a all Vienna Beef hot dog. And they are pretty good.\nSteakburgers are actually very good, they look very thin, and smashed. But the flavor are very good. Should at least try them!\nOur experience has always been positive, and enjoyable.
I've only visited once, but I gotta say I will definitely be back! Even though I live across town, the yummy vegan treats and friendly service are totally worth the drive. \n\nFor my co-worker's birthday, I ordered a 9 inch single layer chocolate cake with oreos, bak lava (has honey), and  truffles (almond, coconut, cacao, and oreo).  They misspelled my coworker's name (not faulting them too much...his name is unique) and were able to re-do the the top of the cake in a few minutes. \n\nI wasn't sure how my non-vegan co-workers were going to feel about the treats, but they all loved it and said the cake tasted better than other cakes.
This place has it all. A fairly wide ranging menu, attentive staff, and its a comfortable place to dine.\n\nFrom salads, sandwiches, to your more substantial dinner type foods. The salads are large! (they offer a smaller version of their specialty salads for $1.00 less) \n\nThe sandwiches are tasty, if I had to recommend just one I'd say give their philly cheese steak (or chicken) a try. \n\nMy husband assures me their breakfast items are great (I'm not a huge fan of breakfast foods so I take his word for it)! The meatloaf which is a daily specials at least on Friday's is great. So are the sides, the offering vary depending on the day of the week it is. \n\nAlso they are open 7 days a week, which seems to be a bit rare outside of chain restaurants in this city. The staff is super friendly and after a couple of visits it will be like visiting an old friend! \n\nWe live close by so this place has quickly become one of our regular places to go!
Dear Mirage,\n\nIt is with great sadness that I write this.  I have loved you for many years.  I always chose you over the others.  You were special.  From your tropical decor and aromatherapy- to the tiger habitat.  I even had my wedding reception with you.  Well, it's been a few years and I am shocked and disappointed at what you have become.  I could almost say that you are close to sleazy.  \n\nYes, I know that you're trying to stay "hip" with your new art deco rooms with orange accessories that could trigger a migraine.  Sure, it's probably hard to control the odor of cigarettes and beer in the casino. But- somehow you used to do it. The Wynne does it, as does Bellagio, Venetian, Pallazzo and many others.\n\nBut what I really found distasteful was the new Revolutions Club where anyone walking past- on the way to the elevator- was given a show of half naked go-go dancers.  You know I'm not a prude.  There are some women that enjoy going to a strip club with their man and I say "you go girl".  That's their choice.  But I'm not one of those women.  I don't like anything pushed in my face.  And I do mean "pushed in my face".  The dancers are in little arched doorways between the casino and the club.\n\nI know it's Vegas, but I expected a little more class from you Mirage.\n\nGood bye forever.
Being Korean, and reading about the Kogi Truck on Serious Eats a couple of years ago, I was pretty excited to hear that Vegas had their own place that served Korean fusion tacos. But my excitement quickly turned into disappointment.\n\nTacos: They're $3.00 each, but are $5.00 for two (including tax), so we bought a beef taco and a pork taco just to sample. Both tacos came in a small flour tortilla, dressed with kimchi (which resembled sauerkraut ,and was pretty bland), lettuce and cilantro. It was difficult to differentiate the two meats; they tasted pretty much the same, and were overly sweet with a hint of spiciness, but really lacked any depth of flavor. I also felt that there was too much of the kimchi\/lettuce and not enough meat.\n\nOverall, the owner was friendly, and the food was fresh and cooked up quickly, so that's where the 2 stars are coming from. But unfortunately, I was not impressed with the tacos, as I felt there was nothing remotely "Korean" about them.
Food was amazing and it's a good thing b\/c the hostesses kind of sucked.  Our 45 minute wait took almost 2 hours and the snotty high schoolers working the hostess stand almost caught a piece of my mind.  But thankfully the food and service made up for it.  I'd say go earlier or later to avoid some of the rush, especially as the bar area gets jam packed.
I am a picky eater, especially when it comes to Ramen. My standard was Monta on eastern. I heard this place was good and decided to give it a try on my lunch break one day. I sat at the bar and the service was very fast. The server was kind enough to give suggestions and answered any questions I had. I tried the spicy Chicken Ramen and added corn. It was absolutely delicious and now Jinya is my favorite ramen place in town. It is a bit of a trek from my house, but totally worth it.
This restaurant is good. The bleu cheese potato chips are super good and about the only thing I go there for. The service can be spotty when you're there depending on the day, especially in the bar area. It's a nice place to drop in for something small.
A nice restaurant for an upscale date night or dinner with friends. \n\nWe made reservations for Saturday evening and checked in at the counter on the casino level. We were led to the elevator and up to the very top of Mandalay Bay. The vibe up top is very unique and is best explained by looking at photos. \n\nTo begin I ordered a glass of Merlot and my husband ordered a Cucumber Chill. I was surprised to find that there were many reasonably priced wines by the glass to choose from on the menu. The cucumber cocktail was delicious and refreshing. We were also brought a bread basket with a couple of types of bread including pretzel. Alongside was hummus, oil, and butter. \n\nThe Foundation Room Salad for me and Caesar Salad for my husband. Both were large portions for starter salads. My salad had Bibb lettuce, other assorted vegetables, and a delicious vinaigrette. My husband enjoyed his Caesar as well.\n\nI enjoyed my Center Cut Filet very much. It was well seasoned and juicy. The Pomme Puree side was creamy with a lovely butter flavor. My husband ordered Pan Seared Diver Scallops and really didn't enjoy this dish. He thought the scallops were a bit rubbery and generally not the best scallops he's had. \n\nThe finale for the meal was the highlight for me. My husband pretended to be healthy with a generous serving of Fresh Berries. I enjoyed the Calvados Apple Bread Pudding and wished I had saved more room. This was one of the most delicious desserts I've had in awhile. The bread pudding was delicious, but the walnut caramel sauce put the decadence over the top.\n\nOur waitress was very friendly and warm. She made us feel very welcome and the amount of times she checked in on us was just right. The man assisting her was on top of filling waters and clearing plates as necessary. They definitely met my service expectations for a nice restaurant.\n\nOverall, the restaurant lends itself to a nice plate for a date night or peaceful meal with friends. Check out the lounge down the hall after dinner for one of the best views of The Strip!
We totally dig this place. Unlike all the other spots on Mill, DiVerti isn't crampped, loud or trying too hard. The service is great & genuinly friendly & concerned. Very laid back for a couple beers & cheap pool or sandwiches. My friend loved his sandwich & said it was all he'd hoped for. I thought mine coulda been bigger & was a lil let down that there's no brown mustard or pickles :(   But I love the place completely & recommend it to anyone. Not really for "clubbin" & "meetin bitches" but great for a few cold ones. Parking is the ramp behind Jack in the crack & there's a patio to smoke at that's away from some of the main sidewalk crowd(which is nice too). They have 75cent pool, $2 red stipes, well priced pitchers, karakoe, a sweet drummer outside some nights(I think Fridays), & beer pong on request. I wish they had one or 2 more pool tables n they need a shelf or some stools by the existing ones for drinks n to put your crap on. DiVerti is great & I hope they can make it last where it's at!\nBTW-I don't think that one kid has any idea what Capicola is. There's no fattier, chewier meat on the planet. I think he meant turkey.
Wicked lil bites!\n\nWicked Spoon is the buffet located on the 2nd floor of The Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, NV. It's worth reviewing because it's a lil different than your typical Vegas buffet. This buffet presents all of its dishes tapas-style. Rather than scooping your desired portion of food out of a large, common serving tray, there are pre-made mini-portions, individual pieces, and small plates & dishes for you to select. \n\nFor example, there are lil, wire-mesh baskets that contain 2 small pieces of fried chicken, mini-ramekins of baked macaroni & cheese, tiny boxes of Chinese pork fried rice, pre-made, mini-assorted salads, etc. A+ on wicked food presentation & portion control! \n\nThere is also an omelette station where you can get a custom omelette made to your precise liking & yes they offer egg-whites. I had an egg-white omelette made & I highly recommend it! \n\nMy fave part of Wicked Spoon is the dessert station! There are tons of tiny pastries, macaroons, muffins, cookies, a mini-molten chocolate lava cake in a mini-pan & too many more to mention. Oh yea & the most wicked part of this buffet is the in-house gelato parlor complete with a guy behind the bar scooping it out! There was a wicked amount of yummy flavors & a wicked line! He served the gelato as a mini-scoop in a mini-ramekin but you can get as many flavors as you want! My faves were the mint chocolate chip & thai tea, wicked good!! Also, I recommend getting one of those lil, mini-molten chocolate lava cakes to make your diet-fail complete! I'm glad you only get mini-scoops or I would've been in trouble! The dessert station is definitely the icing on the cake & steals the show as there is something to satiate everyone's sweetest tooth, 5+ gems!\n\nThe ambience at Wicked Spoon is more sophisticated & sleeker than the Bellagio Buffet. I also adore the cute, mini-presentation of all the different foods, 5 gems. My first lap around the buffet, I was overwhelmed & thought where do I begin. I then fell into a state of buffet confusion. Everything looked great at first, but then upon closer inspection I couldn't find hardly anything I actually wanted (a very real 1st world prob!). Also, there was no fresh fruit, boo! So, the pre-plated minis ended up not being my cup o'tea cuz I like to ration out my own portions or mix, match & create my own plates. Control freak, ugh maybe! In the end, I didn't eat that much real food since I didn't want most of the pre-made, cute, lil portion-controlled tapas, and I don't eat fried chicken or pork fried rice, regardless of how adorable it looks! But don't stress, you're not gonna starve from lack of great food here. This set-up is just not my preferred method of buffeting, but it may be yours, so check it out! \n\nOn an economical note, Wicked Spoon is cheaper than the Bellagio Buffet at around $30 for breakfast-brunch as opposed to $40 (smaller portions=smaller price?!). In conclusion, if I wanna go on a wicked dessert binge, I will definitely buffet here just for the gelato & dessert bar, which is why I'm giving Wicked Spoon a solid 4 gems. I do like the "cosmo" concept of pretty, lil plates but if I'm gonna buffet, I wanna pig out & I wanna go old-school Bellagio breakfast-brunch buffet, where there's no holds bar, king crab legs & no little bites allowed!
Tues night steel is one of the most fun things i have ever done at a shooting range. The cost for non members is fair, but if you are a member its a excellent deal. \n\nI plan to keep shooting tues night steel matches, and will also shoot at tac rifle, uspsa matches, and probably get into 3 gun in the future.
I could not say enough good things about Water Heater Pros!  They are timely, efficient, friendly, honest --- you name it!   There is no competition for them here is Vegas--- they are the ONE!  Stop looking,  call them!
My family and I had a great time throughout our photo shoot. It's the first we've ever done, and though through some email miscommunication we were waiting for Stuart (the photographer) at the SaMo pier location, he waited for us to get to the Abbott Kinney location and gave us his full attention and time. \n\nThe location was much better than we had expected and Stuart knew exactly where to take us for certain shots and helped us create a natural flow through out the entire photo shoot. We had tons of fun laughing and striking poses\/formations he guided us through. \n\nAs we went through neighborhood, we found perfect locations to pose as individuals and as a whole family.\n\nThe photos turned out GREAT. Stuart was very patient with us as we debated which ones to choose and he offered his professional advice in ways that he could. All in all, I would highly recommend anyone looking for a fun and quality photo shoot to choose Townsley Portraits. \n\nNote: we used Groupon and ended up purchasing more than we thought we would just because we liked the photos so much! Be sure to double check the location if\/when you do make your appointment!
This place is amazing; perfect for a girl's night, intimate date, or to bring out-of-towners. Just make sure you come with a small group! Unless you head in early on a weeknight, you're most likely to wait for a table.\n\n416's concept is simple: no cutlery. Everything is small, shareable and meant to be eaten with your hands. I came with a few girlfriends and shared too many delicious things, the highlights being the Korean Fried Chicken, Steak Tartare (hundreds of Yelpers don't lie) and the Pork Steamed Bun. They also have an awesome cheese board, served with blueberry vanilla jam and candied nuts. Damn, it was so good! As far as drinks, we never strayed from the Manhattans, which I would argue are the best in Toronto. And anywhere else I've been, for that matter.\n\nThe vibe here is sexy and fun, the service is great (aside from the doorman, who can sometimes be a frustrating hard-ass about bringing in bags), and the menu doesn't disappoint. Go!
Our server Christie was awesome. She had an awesome and upbeat personality. Anything we needed she was on it. A lot of the times she just brought it before we even asked. It was like she was in tune with us and our food. \n\nI ordered the nurse bialy from the lighter side of the menu, but I ordered regular eggs. I found it was a very good meal. My wife ordered macho nacho. She liked it a lot, and she loves the coffee.
First time been here, the price is reasonable  but the quality is below average.\n\nWe order the medium sushi maki and sashimi boat, the sashimi ( especially the sweet shrimps, didn't tastes fresh) the uni are like water, and the only one tasted alright is salmon. \n\nFor the sushi, I don't understand why they put wasabi in the middle of the rice without telling the customer, beside that. The rice are hard as stone and no vinegar taste, feels like I'm eating overnight rice along with wasabi, \n\nthe quality of sushi is ridiculous, comparing to the sashimi, the texture of the sushi are bad. Feels like I'm eating a pieces of rubber. \n\nOverall. I probably won't comeback anymore, if you're looking for cheap sushi without the quality, it might be a fit for you but I rather pay more to get a decent, fresh quality sushi to myself.
Nice place to have a cool drink on a hot day. They have a variety of yummy tea flavors that you can opt to have sweetened if you have a sweet tooth like me. Since I needed an extra boost after spending the afternoon at the Scottsdale Culinary Food Festival, I opted for the sugar free English toffee latte with an extra shot off espresso. Boy was it yummy! \n\nThanks Yelp for leading the way!!!
A visit to Alice Cooper'stown is like no other. Located centrally in the heart of downtown Phoenix a quick stop is mandatory. (Warning: Once you're in - you'll never want to leave.) Breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner are perfect options. The drinks are off the charts. Mike, the bartender will woo you off your feet and create the most beautiful cocktails.\n\nYou're super, super close to US Airways (1 min walk) and Chase Field (10 min walk). So if you're catching a Suns or DBacks game this is *perfect* for a pre or post game nibble and drink. Pedi-cabs are readily available.\n\nAlice memorabilia is everywhere. Walls, doors, and even the floor. You are hugged and loved by the guy. Make sure there's enough memory space on your phone to take goofy photos.\n\nI've been surprised the food is actually good here. That sounds terrible to say. I figured they would have the beer down pat. (PBRs are $3.50!) and not much more. But no. The apps are delicious. The entrees are wonderful. And at shockingly reasonable prices. \n\nBeing fortunate to have friends that share easily I've nibbled many things. I really don't think you'll go wrong with anything you select. (In the morning I love the "The Patriot". For a snack the jalapeno coins or mac & cheese sliders.) The ruckus made when a Big Unit hotdog is ordered is entertaining. It's a hot dog. It's big. Woot!\n\nPlenty of televisions. The staff is awesome and accommodating. If you're coming in large groups - as many do - please try and not ask for so many split checks. I've seen them do it. They are very nice about it. But that seems mean. Bring cash and use your calculator like old school times. It is possible! \n\nSpecial shout out to Alisha. Bomb diggity server. Quite possibly the biggest smile on earth.
Great prices. Clean store. The top reviewer Jill C. Don't know what she's talking about. There's no cluster f*** of a mess as she claims. \nEverytime I come here it's always well maintained. The one in Mills is actually a big cluster f*** for real. I've gone to plenty Burlingtons around the valley. This one gets 4 stars.
Drive by, and you'll immediately notice a bright-green van with scales. You're in the right spot! Scales N Tails just opened, a pet shop specializing in reptiles and their care.\n\nThey have two giant resident tortises, and several snakes, lizards, and turtles to take home- and at good prices. I like that they only stock the better brands for turtle food and supplements, the same brand I always use for my red-eared slider.\n\nService is friendly and knowledgeable. No one enters or exits without being greeted and asked if they need help. Shop is small but organized. I wish I could take all of the leopard geckos home with me!\n\nTIP They also stock hedgehog food here, which I hear can be difficult to find... despite the fact that they are not reptiles.
Nice little bar for a night cap before retiring fir the night or to grab a latte in the morning,\n\nWell stocked (average) bar with beer both on tap and bottled.  Wine selection was okay.  Nothing rare on the whiskey front but they have all the standard brands. They also have a cappuccino machine.\n\nVery conveniently located between the lobby and the guest elevators.  You can get a libation without having to walk through the casino. \n\nThey lose a star because the Wifi was poor during my visit.
Just tried this place and I have mixed feelings. The atmosphere was casual, friendly staff great for hanging out on Sunday mornings. Quality if food not so great. Had the mushroom Benedict and eggs were not reliable, came out all boiled through and through. They were happy to replace it and I asked  for runny eggs but came out almost cooked through again. We also had frittata and it was a fried omelette, just very fried. Home fries were good. THEY DONT HAVE FRENCH TOASTS ANYMORE, not for a year now so I was disappointed. Their coconut creme cupcake was good. Caesars and coffee also good. Will try again but not anytime soon.
This place is great! I went here to have my car washed and vacuumed so I could install a car seat in preparation for our baby we're expecting in the next few days. There was tons of dog hair in my car, as we have a German Shepherd. \n\nThey told me they probably couldn't get all of the hair out by just vacuuming, and I believed them. There was tons! They told me I would probably have to get it detailed, which was pretty pricey and I couldn't imagine spending that much on just cleaning my car. After expressing my concern, and telling them I couldn't spend that much with a baby on the way they worked out a great deal for me! I didn't have time for the detail that day, so they gave me a free ultimate wash, and I went back the next day and got an amazing detail. My car looked, and still looks fantastic!\n\nOn top of the fact everyone was so nice, from the man who sold me the package, to the guys who clean the car, to the man inside the gas station where you pay, they also had compassion for my needs and were more than willing to help me out.\n\nPs- even on just the express drive through wash you're greeted at the end by someone who hand dries your vehicle. They do it right here!
- I would come back JUST for the Complimentary garlic knots at the start of our meal. They were huge, fluffy, buttery, garlicky pieces of heaven that definitely filled me up because I ate 2...whoops!\n- Penne vodka was a solid choice and had a sweet vodka sauce topped with prosciutto\n- Chicken Alfredo was decent, not the best I have ever had as the sauce was a little thin but the flavor was delicious and rich\n- Caprese salad came with a generous portion of mozarella and it was wonderfully creamy in the middle, tomatoes were just ok. Make sure to add balsamic vinegar as it did not come with any and their vinegar was divine!!! \n- Hefty prices but at least it came with generous portions of pasta\n- We added chicken to each of our pasta dishes which was an additional $6 and the chicken made the pasta a bit soggy and watered down. It would have been nice if the chicken was sliced into strips instead of coming out as a whole breast\n\nOur lunch was $90 and we didn't even order any alcohol - pretty steep but it IS vegas...\nService was just ok. Started out good as she rushed to take our order but then we had to flag her down for boxes and the check. It definitely hit the spot for our pasta craving but we weren't blown away by the pasta. We might come back on our next Vegas trip to try their meatballs since that seems to be their specialty.
I have been going here for over 5 years, but I can't imagine ever going back.\nA little background, went on a Friday night for drinks and dinner.  There were no games going on so it wasn't busy and there were plenty of open tables.\nBeer selection is great although they don't know how to pour a Guinness - 4 inches of head.  Food has always been decent.  \nService was deplorable.  Took 15 minutes for waitress to come to our table with no beer menus or food menus in hand, and she only knew a few of the beers they had on tap.  From the time we sat down to receiving two beers it was 35 minutes.  Waitress was oblivious and unapologetic to the situation.  \nManagement seems to be non-existent.\nDecided to leave and go elsewhere to eat, drink and spend our money.
I had such big expectations for this place! I have been wanting to go since it opened and I'm SOOOOOOOO disappointed. \n\nservice is good & it's clean, average price blah blah \n\nBut the food was so ughhh. nothing special at all to be honest I didn't even like my food .... \n\nI got the carpaccio to start & my boyfriend got a soup. and for our mains I got the chicken club and my boyfriend got the Fettuccine bolognaise. \n\nit was so brutal. Neither of us finished our meal. \n\nThe pasta had these super crispy breadcrumbs which tasted like seeds or something. Not a fan\nAnd my Sandwich had the weirdest taste ever \n\nI'll never go back.
UPDATE: Go to PAI instead!  THe original owners and chef of Khao San Road opened up their latest Thai restaurant called PAI on Duncan and it is awesome!  Their green curry in coconut bowl was delicious.\n\nAs for Khao San Road, my expectations were very high due to the number of reviews and the four star rating...perhaps that was my problem.  The food was too sweet and the dishes I had were meh.  Nothing to write home about.  I have had better pad thai and definitely better curry elsewhere.  Overrated... the new owner and chef of this place has brought the quality of the place down several stars.
Horrible customer\/patient service admin staff review. \nWe were not the only patients being told they needed to have brought X-rays or would need additional X-rays the day of the appointment. Seems like they are not in tune with the patients needs. In this day and age the patients are trying to stay within what insurance covers. \n\nLong story short \n1. The girls at the desk are more in tune with eating their breakfast vs greeting patients, no greeting was given.\n2. Dr Moxley's office did not coordinate well with the dentist to insure X-rays were sent over prior to my daughters bust and we asked them what she needed to bring with her the day of her appointment. We had to drive over to pick up films the day of the appointment yet after getting back they were not the pano X-rays that they needed. So we drove over from Moxley to the dentist back to the Moxley for no reason. Poor communication between dentist office and oral surgeon. \n\nWe asked what my daughter needed for her appointment they said they had everything. We arrive to the appointment and the oral surgeon needed the films. We drove to get films, when we got back to oral surgeon the dentist didn't take films of what they needed, they had to take new films anyways. So in a nut shell her appointment was late, we were sent to pick up X-rays from the dentist that didn't even greet us when we walked in (they were too busy eating at the counter), only to return to the oral surgeon dr Moxley for them to tell us the dentist didn't take what they needed, and now a pano needs to be done by this time it is 10:45. My daughters appointment was at 10am. \n\nThis could have been avoided by better communication between the Dentist and the oral surgeon office on behalf of a mutual client\/customer\/patient. Also the level of customer service behavior is below average and not sure if this is the standard in the health industry but eating in front of customers, not greeting them, having personal conversations should be avoided or kept at a lower tone so the clients do not over hear them. More focus on preparing the admin side of the appointments would provide a better experience and referral from you patients. I will be calling my insurance to also provide feedback.
I am disappointed with this Harvey's location. Been here three times. They staff are friendly. I find the quality of the food not to be as good as other locations. My big "beef" is the cleanliness of this place. every time we have been here almost all the empty tables were dirty and garbage was all over the floor. Will not be back to this location.
This Wendy's ALWAYS AND I MEAN ALWAYS has the worst service. Currently been in the drive thru for 15 min. I wouldn't even be here if chipotle Had not run out of cheese
Excellent family run business. There's no place in Arizona where will you find tamales like these. Best masa that I've ever had in a restaurant. Truly handmade tamales. I've tried them all and none disappoint. If you need a quantity for a special event, order a day or two early.
Ahhhh where to begin!\n\nI must say Lola maybe my most favorite restaurant in northeast Ohio. \nEvery time I've dined here its been an absolute pleasure and I leave very happy!\n\nOn this occasion my husband and I celebrated our one yr. anniversary so we decided to splurge a little on a bottle of wine. We shared a bottle of Orin Swift Papillon (avable at Heinens) it's amazing, my new favorite!\n\nWe had beef cheek pierogis and bone marrow for appetizers. The pierogis are ridiculous, served with a mushroom brown sauce and a little horseradish crème fraiche YUMMMM. The bone marrow I would not order again. It was very good BUT it was super heavy, oily and greasy. They basically took the marrow out of the bone and then fried it. It was served with bacon jam, pickled red onion, crème fraiche, salt and cilantro, it was very good don't get me wrong it was just TOO MUCH! I prefer standard bone marrow, spread it on bread like butter.\n\nFor our mains I had the Lobster Thermidor and my mate had the Smoked Pork Chops! \nYou guys... Seriously... It was amazing!!!! The lobster was cooked to perfection and wasn't as heavy (in a sauce) as expected. It was fabulous! My husbands was also very very good, it was so tender and the polenta was so warm and buttery. \n\nFor dessert our server gave us complimentary mini cupcakes and a piece of chocolate.\nWe had such a beautiful time, our service was great no guilt in this dinner!!!!
War einmal fuer ein spaetes Feierabend Bier da. Nettes Personal und schöne Lokation. Preise fuer die Lage i.O.
Fun place, lot of things to do. Bowling,movie's! I never stayed there so no comment in that area.
This place is a staple...absolutely great customer service and food.  David, the owner, is super nice too.
I'm from California and boba shops there are off the chain! Unfortunately the ones in AZ doesn't compare as much. The closest one I've came across was Boba Tea House. The staff are pretty friendly and you get a good amount of traffic from the cool kids that come through here, which is right up in my alley because I'm kinda young and it's a pretty chill place to meet new people. I brought my friends here once and we just watch sports (they have a lot of tvs with different sports on so you don't have to miss a game if two were going on).\n\nThe good: Their drinks are pretty much just like california. I'm really digging their fresh stuff like jackfruit and avocado smoothies. The red bean snow I save for my cheat days (if people don't know, it's really good and now you know) hahaha. I'm a big tea fan and their teas can be a bit strong. Their thai tea which is something I will grade a boba shop of, is a delight. I asked them about it and they brew their Thai tea for at least 6 hours. I believe them, because the lollicup i worked at in california (lollicup stockton off march lane) did the same.\n\nThe bad: I'm not too critical, but I think the place could use more lights. That's a preference to me though. I was attracted to the warm color walls they had, but at night they seem to have a couple's atmosphere. \n\nMy advice: Keep it up! I'll be dropping by soon for more boba.\n\nMy favorite: Thai Tea with boba, Honey black tea, raspberry snow with assorted jelly, and my holy grail red bean slush with red bean at the bottom.
Really can't beat the price. About 8 bucks for all you can eat with hibachi. Food is decent and refilled often. The hibachi has a good selection of meats. Chicken, pork, beef, shrimp, squid, and scallops. None of the other buffet hibachi grills offer scallops. So that's pretty good. There may be a short wait during weekday lunches. Highly recommend this buffet.
O'Noir, like many people said, is a restaurant that people go for that 'different' experience. \n\nPros:\n- Great for a date night\n- They hire blind people; ironically, they can navigate around this restaurant better than we can!\n- The location is amazing- it's in the heart of Toronto\n- Makes you realize how valuable and important your sense of vision is \n\nCons:\n- They have timed dinners which means that they serve people specifically at time a, b or c. If you can't make that time, well tough love. \n- It is rather pricey when you're limited to a prix fixe three course meal. I'd recommend checking out the menu online PRIOR to your reservation (p.s. you need reservations) \n\nWithout a doubt, O'Noir doesn't need to advertise to get the word out there. It's a great novelty place to go on a date. People go for the hype, for that one time experience. If you haven't been, I seriously recommend that you give it a try.
Today I had the coffee and pecan cinnamon roll it was great best place for rolls great service good find
This place is amazing. And never disappointing, my eyebrows always come out beautiful and the price is perfect. This will always be my spot
For the longest time, this has been one of those shows I've always wanted to see but never found the chance to.  FINALLY, gots it.  And the verdict:  Great show, but some  minor disappointments.\n\nThe theater is great, costumes, music, decor, but those extra lines they added in.  Its like if they are going to take like 90% of their dialogue from the movie, try to stick to it....but occasionally they'll add some tid bits that don't apply or just throw it off.  \n\nSorry, i'm sensitive when it comes to Lion King (no shame in admitting that's my favorite all time Disney movie) and its ok when you add random banter and modernized language, but adding 2 or 3 words to a dialogue that's away from the movie script is unacceptable.  \n\nOn a nicer note, at least the musical doesn't show "SEX" in the stars when Simba is grown up and looks for the ghost of his father.
Be ready to WAIT for your food. They cook everything from scratch. That said everything is gigantic and amazing. I have been to hash-house a-go-go several times with family and friends in vegas and it never fails to:\n\na. Take a long time.\nb. be absolutely amazing and worth the wait.\n\n\n\nhighlights include: all of their burgers, massive omelets, and fried chicken and waffels. \n\n\ni hear there is a new location on south strip but i ve only ever  gone to the one on west Sahara. good thing to do on the way to or from red rock.
This farmer's market may not have had a lot of produce but it did have some nice arts & crafts as well as some wonderful homemade items. There were bread loaves, (try the pumpkin spice it's quite good), as well as a nice array of dried fruits and a glass blower that had some beer bottles that he twisted into cool shapes. Not a bunch of fruits & veggies but a decent amount, go for the other stuff as well and you wont be dissapointed.
I hate going to the DMV, to the point that I would never do more than complain about the prospect. Like anyone else, I would think. \n\nThis one was the antithesis of every other DMV experience I've ever had.  There were maybe ten people actually there for service, and at least ten people actually working, despite it being around 130pm when I'd except people to all be at lunch. \n\nI got my business done and back into my car in a total of 18 minutes. I think that's a veritable record. At least in my experiences. Totally going back to this one when I get stuck going to the DMV again.
Guess what: California rolls are not real Japanese food. Neither is sushi pizza or dragon rolls. Chicken or beef teriyaki is also not actually Japanese (authentic teriyaki is for broiled fish).\n\nWhat is very authentic Japanese is the menu, the decor, the drinks list, the cooks and the waitresses at Ematei. It is by far the most Japanese place I've found in Toronto, and my opinion is reinforced by the number of expats who eat here regularly. In fact, it helps to speak some Japanese if you're ordering at Ematei since the wait staff is very much ESL. \n\nHaving spent most nights of the week in an izakaya (pub) during my stint in Japan, I was really missing the small dishes of comfort food and the homey atmosphere that don't get reproduced in Toronto's Japanese-inspired restaurants. \n\nSome of my favourite Ematei izakaya dishes: aspara-bacon (asparagus wrapped in bacon, yesss!), butter scallops, mushroom foil, buta kimchi (okay, that's Korean), zaru soba, kabocha tempura and yakitori. I don't recommend the kani foil since it's not real crab. The unagi chahan (they call it 'charan' for some reason) is great.\n\nSomething awesome for winter is that you can reserve one of the tatami rooms for a nabe party, which is the Japanese version of a hot pot party.\n\nNote: I haven't had the sushi at Ematei. When there are a thousand other places for sushi in this city, I like to order things that are less ubiquitous. \n\nBonus: Do you know what 'Ematei' means? An 'ema' is a small wooden wishing plaque that can be purchased at Shinto shrines. 'Tei' means shop, so 'Ematei' is 'shop for prayer plaques'.
Many a memorable (albeit fuzzily so) night at this bar when I was in PGH knocking on doors for the Obama campaign.  I'm convinced.
Hoss's is sort of the "Walmart of steakhouses", but I like them. If you can get over the drabby decor, you can really like this place. I like to pig out at their salad\/soup\/dessert bar. Their steaks are tasty even when compared to steaks at expensive restaurants, and their waitresses are always friendly.
As soon as I pulled into the parking lot I knew my dinner was going to be delicious. Wonderful smells wafted out- tomato, garlic, Italian spices...mmmmm.\n\nI have driven past this place for years been too intimated to go inside. This was a mistake. I tried the garlic and parsley hand cut pasta (the recommend garlic and rosemary was out) paired with the ammmaazzzing Pomodoro sauce- HIGHLY RECOMMEND. It has just the right amount of zing.\n\nThe next time I have to bring a side or dish for a party I can't wait to grab their prepared mac and cheese and other tasty treats. If you are willing to pay a bit more for local and fresh then this is the place to score your next dinner. You will be rewarded. \n\nPS- Parking can be tricky don't even try for the spaces in the front head straight for the parking lot in the back.
I am DEFINITELY a fan of Prairie girl. All the cupcakes frosting is DELICIOUS. They have a variety of options but my fave is definitely the peanut butter!!!! and Carrot cake!!!!!! Its a tiny shop so when it is busy is is packed. The designs they do for the cakes and cupcakes are very sweet and have nice presentation. I also like how you can grab snack sized cupcakes for a taster or quick grab and go which is a very nice touch!
Best lobster in town. We ordered Hong Kong style which was amazing. An order of food for 4 people is actually enough for 6. Good quality see food.
Correct order. Fast and friendly delivery drivers so far. Will continue ordering delivery
Just had the Shoo Grill Cheese with a Rosemary Peach Lemonade ! It was AMAZING!!!!! Will be back soon!!
Came here for happy hour with my Moms and was taken back by how great everything was! \nFood was great and fresh! Ordered a spicy tuna roll that was actually a bit spicy unlike other places (I dig the heat!) Also had an order of potstickers that seem to filled with a homemade sausage that had a great bite to it! Excellent flavor and completely different than most other places. Lastly, we shared an order of Wor Wonton soup that was filled to the brim of the bowl with everything you'd expect!\n\nArvand, the bartender\/server has a personality and customer service as unique as his name!  He was clear and concise with helping me choose some happy hour options as I had not dined here before. He also presented us with many options as to sauces and sides..he REALLY knows how treat customers! \n\nWith so many great options around Autumn Court, it was an easy explanation as to why I had never been inside before, but after today I will DEFINITELY be back and tell my friends!  Thanks Arvand and Autumn Court!
Ron from Absolute Appliance Services is just awesome. My dryer was sounding like a truck was going through my living room and I used Yelp for the 1st time to locate an honest and knowledgeable repair service. After reading the reviews I called Ron and he was here within the hour. The news was not good and my dryer could be repaired but Ron was honest enough to tell me that after labor and parts I would be better off getting a new dryer. He also pointed out that because of the age if the dryer it more than likely would need more repairs in the future. I really appreciated his honesty because he could have very easily just stuck it to me doing this repair knowing full well that it would be the start of many more to follow.  He also waived the service call fee because of the need for a new dryer which by the way was very reasonable. Sears wanted $80 just to come and diagnose the problem!! I have already told all my family and friends about his excellent service and would recommend Absolute Appliance Services for any appliance repair.  Thank you Ron and I did get a new more energy efficient better dryer for less than what the repair would have been.
I wish I could give this Taco Bell 0 stars.\nLine wrapped around the building but not moving.\nInside, cashier at the front is rude and SLOW.\nHer visor was COVERED in cat hair.\nShe didn't even look up.\nQuick to tell me "Not ready to swipe" after not saying a word to me other than my order.\n\nFood is good, but the service and that cashier make this a 1 star review at best!
I've been to many Indian Buffets and this is by far the best I've been to in Las Vegas. Great selection of both meat and vegetarian curries. I love that they have goat curry and kabobs. The Biryani is a little spicy for me, I wish they have another selection of Biryani that is less spicy. They refill very often, so that the batch is always fresh. Get the garlic naan, it is very tasty, always comes out warm and fresh. The sauces are also on point, I could eat it everyday. Love the Pakora and Samosas, I always start with those items as appetizers. The price is amazing and the staff is always so attentive. The place is big enough that you don't have to wait to get seated. Food is phenomena!
I go to the Opera house grill for lunch all the time! The food is always fresh and delicious, as well as portioned very generously. The staff are all very sweet and happy to see me, which makes me feel awesome. I never find myself waiting an unreasonable amount of time for my take-out to be ready, which is super important as I'm usually on break from work and in a rush. I'm also a bit of a picky eater, and they have never messed my order up at all. \nThe only thing I would caution people on, is they have a bit of a small menu. It's very "Greek influenced" which is great, but it does limit the variety of meals available. Also, most mains do not include a side which I find a bit strange. Other than that, AMAZING. \n\nThe chicken fingers are the best!
this is an old school gem in downtown.  reminds me of the Mob days of vegas because you would never think this place that's downstairs in old downtown would cater to you like a 5 star strip restaurant.  Hugo's cellar was absolutely delicious ... starting off with the house salad is fantastic and then the entrees... I ha lobster stuffed with crab.  so good!  I love how they roll around with after dinner liqueurs as well
Contacted Sugarlips Cakery based on online reviews.  They worked with me to custom design a cake for my husband's 40th Birthday celebration.   I ordered it just a week before the event.  They perfectly executed my vision for his cake and I think the price was well worth it (though it was listed on other reviews as being less expensive so if you find prices online, be sure to check on the price when you call so you aren't taken by surpise.)  \n\nOh, and most importantly, it was delicious!!!
@STREETSHAK #QUEENSTREETWEST #BBQ #CARIBBEAN\n\nI popped in here for lunch one day - sudden unplanned plans, and no regrets. As a person who can't handle spice, walking into a Caribbean place was actually scary. But they had an $8 special for barbecue chicken and rice that I confirmed several times over was not spicy. And it sure wasn't. The chicken and rice were full of taste. The only thing spicy on the plate was the cold slaw. \n\nFor a lunch spot (especially if you're not ordering a special), Street Shak can be a tad pricey. It's worth one try atleast, however. Glad I tried the place - may be back for the bbq chicken special.
My fiancé and I go here at least every other week and spend $50 a pop which is a lot of money. Best food we can get and service is ok. Hit or miss. Hate that the seating is on top of other people but if not busy we get a booth. I wish they had a frequent diners club card though bc as good as it is that may increase their business. I never stray from the trippin chicken it's phenomenal! Grandads secret milkshake may or may not have crack in it. I got it one time and can't stop thinking about it. Thanks burg for making me gain 10 lbs the last 3 months :)
This is my all time favorite Starbucks, and though if you've been to one, you've been to them all, this one seems to be a tad different. What makes it so special is the staff here. They are always extremely busy, but always polite and easy going. Of course being on Mill Ave, you can expect long lines, especially on school days.
My dentist is a perfectionist and that's the way I like it.  Dr. Shields does excellent work,  his staff create a welcoming environment that is sure to ease anyone's anxiety with dental work,  and I have had a lot of work done since coming to Las Vegas almost five years ago.  He is always accessible in times of emergency, with an office in Summerlin and Henderson, his staff made special time for me to come in on an off day when I cracked a tooth.  It seems their hours are at the convenience of the patient, most unusual.  I have recommended Dr. Shields to several friends and co-workers, and none of them are disappointed.  I cannot recommend them strongly enough for great dental care from some very nice people.
The restaurant is very small, at first we were not sure we were in the right place. It is run by a community kitchen staff.. The server\/host was very nice and attentive. Service was very good\n\nThe food is very delicious! Fresh ingredients and well prepared but portions are very very small!! Main dishes (average of $14) don't come with a side ($6) so I ordered the brisket and tongue dip with seasonal veggies. The sandwich was a bit dry without dipping it in the au jus, but it has a pleasant strong meaty flavor. The seasonal veggie was a garlic steamed baby bok choy. It was light and delicate, perfect paring with my brisket. Unfortunately it was just ONE bok choy\n\nMy fiancee ordered the fried chicken, it was perfectly seasoned and very moist and tender, unfortunately (again) the portion was very small. We also shared the fries and they were pretty rock on. The malt vinegar aioli was fantastic.\n\nGiven the price and the portion sizes it was an okay experience but I may go back again.
Every single time we go there it is an awesome experience. The people are nice and the food is great. We can easily feed a family of four for about 25 dollars. The plates are really generous. I love this place!
Scott has been to my house multiple times to clean both the carpet and tile and grout. He performs all of his work in an extremely timely manner and maintains a very professional demeanor. Great work and an even better owner. His prices can't be beat either. I shopped around town and have used other companies that cost far more and did half as good. You will not go wrong in choosing Scott and New Concept Cleaning!
OK food, fair service. Empty at lunchtime is a red flag.
I'm so glad I called High 5! I made last minute plans to go to California and my usual pet sitter was going with us. Marc came and met my dogs and parrot on very short notice and started the next day! I loved seeing daily picks of my "babies". And, when a fire closed I-15 on our return, Marc fit in an extra, unscheduled stop to make sure everything was fine, giving me peace of mind while stuck in traffic!
Came here as Izakaya sushi house across the street wasn't open yet, ordered two rolls. This is by far the worst sushi I've ever had!!! Not to exaggerate, even pre-packed sushi taste better than this. The rice was mushy and rather tasteless, the rolls were exceptionally loose as everytime i picked it up with my chopsticks everything inside would fall out. I do not recommend this place, although the waitresses were friendly.
We returned to the School to celebrate a special anniversary (we had our first official date at this restaurant!) and I was not disappointed. Although not especially hungry, the food was on point. The escargot is always a treat and love their Caesar salad. I also had the grilled calamari - I had not had it like that before and It was the perfect amount for a main for me. My hubby to be had a beautifully prepared strip steak cooked to a delicate medium rare. I splurged and had carrot cake - not my usual choice but no crème brulee on the menu.
Best service ever! Love Dr.bakerink. He's very caring. He came to visit both my baby boys when they were born in the hospital and I knew then that I wouldn't choose another pediatrician. The staff is just as wonderful! I had an appointment scheduled today for my 9 month old and when I got there, I guess through miscommunication, it wasn't actually scheduled on their end. Instead of Sending us away, they fit us in. I really appreciated that since we live clear across town. The drive is totally worth it! They're the best
What can I say? I am really impressed by their business, last week we got two regular subs, when we got home we noticed that it seemed to be lacking in meat and the cheese was non-existent on one and paper thin on the other. The subs were still good, but it was disappointing and I sent my concern off to Jersey Mike's. Within a couple of hours the manager of the location I had this experience called me.\n\nShe offered to treat my family to a sub dinner for our trouble. That is obvious commitment to quality service. The subs were fantastic this time. Turns out they were actually having issues with the slicer the day I went. \n\nThey will get my business again, their subs are tasty, with quality ingredients, and they are committed to customer service. Yes their prices are a bit higher then a place like subway, but you do get what you pay for!
I ALWAYS come here for tint, tires, etc. They always give me the best price and I'm not just saying that I definitely check online to compare. :) If you want it done right, this is the place to go.
We have had a hard time finding a carpet cleaner that we liked, and we have finally found them! Very impressed with their work. I should have taken before and after pics. We have dogs and a 1 year old, so our carpets were very "worn". They look and feel brand new! Pat is very friendly and clearly takes pride in his work. He also offers $20 off for 3 cans of food that he donates. It's a great deal and for a good cause! They were recommended to me and for a good reason. Very impressed!
The restaurant looks nice, but the food was incredibly meh. The ribs were anything but fall off the bone - very tough and rubbery.  And my wife's side dish was stale - clearly leftovers from a prior era.  My dad got a pulled pork sandwich - that one at least rates at 3 stars.  Still, overall I don't quite get all the high ratings.
Totally disappointed with this bakery\/yogurt cafe. I'm a huge cupcake conioisseur :)  I love to hear  of small businesses opening in the area, I couldnt wait to visit.  I first took a look at their website to see what flavors they had.  I found a really good one I thought, pumpkin if I remember it said chocolate chips in it, the website is a little confusing on what flavors they have. Anywho, I went in asked for that pumpkin cupcake an was told they didnt have that one, they  were having problems changing their website and thats the story I got lol The place isnt decorated cute like most bakeries, I ordered 2 cupcakes, a cake ball and inquired about the pupcakes of which I thought three dog bakery owned the name pupcake. I bought a red velvet which was tasteless, how do you make a tasteless cupcake!!! The icing was just sugar an butter it was like no flavoring was added to the batter or icing.  The cake balls first on their website it says " first to produce them in the carolina's'  Wrong my freind they are not!!!!  Someone didnt do their tour d cupcake before opening their own bakery thats a shame :(  Again I found the same problem with the cake ball no taste at all.  The pupcake was horrible looking, it was red colored an I asked what was in it. The main ingredient that shocked me was agave syrup its a good sweetner for vegan and gluten free diets not diabetic's or dogs.  Its actually just high fructose corn syrup when broken down. I asked if the pupcake had sugar in it, the lady helping me said no. Agave syrup is a sugar and if cranberry juice was it than yes it had sugar.  Not to mention it was looked  doughnut shaped but without the hole in the middle and a nasty mini milk bone shoved in the top gross. I took it home to inspect it more, it smelled sweeter than the cupcakes lol I tasted it and seemed like their could have been cranberry juice ughh!!!  Do yourself a favor for a great cupcake go to cupcrazed, SaS or Blushing.  For your dog take them to canine cafe no salt or sugar in their treats or harmful dyes they use pedal dust pretty cool stuff.  Well another bakery crossed off my list on to the next :)  How did this bakery get voted best in charlotte :(
Make sure they do what they say they are going to do and do the job right the right the first time.  Watch them perform the service or they will skip treatment steps.  When I called in they transferred me to Jody Eastman who has zero customer service skills as he was rude, condescending and continually cut me off speaking over me when his company clearly dropped the ball.  You have been warned, DO NOT USE THIS BRANCH OF TERMINIX!!!  Everyone else from terminix was good but jody ruined the entire experience ensuring they will never get my or my family's business again.
By far the best experience I've had with AC unit reparations. I have been a loyal customer for about more than four years and every time he was readily available. A completely honest person that always tells you the truth about the problem and gives you options for the solution. I highly recommend Mr. Freon's services to everyone ! Don't wait to make the mistake of going somewhere where they aren't honest.
This place was exactly what I had hoped it would be - large, fast and delicious.\nI had to feed a large sports team after a day running around outside. This place was more than large enough for everyone and the staff handled the onslaught of 25 people with ease. The place was large enough that we didn't seem to bother anyone and the burgers were AWESOME. The only reason I'm giving the place 4 stars instead of 5 is that I didn't love the sweet potato tots. They were kind of soggy. But, the regular fries and sweet potato fries were great.
Was looking for new Sushi place ... pro \/ cons\n\n(1) Food was reasonably priced and portions large\n(2) Sushi was good tasting\n\n(3) Service was lacking.   I gear service on how long my water glass is left unfilled.   It was never filled for the entire evening.   I also asked to do a take out order, the waiter said he was ready, I gave it to him ... 10 minutes later he came back and said ... I need to write it down, I didn't get it the first time.\n\n(4) It seems a lot of regulars were there when we dined.   They were given a lot more attention by the staff then we were.   Hard to become a regular when a newcomer is ignored.
My second time staying here and had a blast again!  My kids love the water park! It's a little pricey but worth it for the memories,  besides its not an everyday trip kind of place.  \n\nGot here at 12, 1 of our rooms was ready the other wasn't, so they brought the keys to the other room once it was.\n\nThe gentleman at the front desk was friendly and helpful, as it seems all their staff is!  My family had a wonderful time and we WILL be returning! \n\nCons: Oasis water park is very expensive and you can only bring in water. Also for adults, you cannot have your adult beverages in the water (which if paying 11 dollars for my drink, I should be able to chill in the water with it on a 108 degree day...)\n\nPros: just about everything else!
Went in twice in past 12 months to look for anything that I would like to purchase....no one greeted me\nCustomer services is non existing at this location.\nWould never return or spend a $ there.\n\nThis is a retailer that I would never spend a $1.00 \nAt\n\nAbsent management.
Items Selected:\nTea\nVinegar Slips Away Potato Silk\nFried Lamb with Cumin\nCrystal Beef Grilled Dumplings\nJuicy Beef Soup Dumplings\nLamb Boiled Dumplings\nBoiled Shrimp Egg and Leek Dumplings\nBaked Yolk Coated Pumpkin\nSteamed Venison Dumplings\nSpicy Laoganma Sauced Eggplant\nLeek Pancake\nRoasted Peking Duck\nToffee Taro\n\nLargely unaware of the prevalence of the Muslim religion in China, let alone its particular contributions to the country's culinary diversity, it was with great curiosity that five friends and I sat down amidst the colorful confines of Dumpling King and with friendly service paired to one of the most cleanly spaces on Spring Mountain Road the dozen plates that followed were every bit as surprising as the relative lack of praise the space has received since opening its doors nearly one year ago.\n\nTruly a decorative space, with red florals covering each seat and several shining ornaments arranged in the foyer as well as alongside the bar, it was at one of the large turnstile tables that the group was sat and with full view afforded of each dumpling being made by hand suffice it to say that the surprisingly low priced menu is an even bigger bargain when taking into account the painstaking effort involved in each piece, a single order of ten broth-soaked beef soup dumplings taking the team of three nearly five minutes to mix, roll out, fill, and twist fourteen times before arranging to steam.\n\nTreated to tea, as well as water that unfortunately required frequent prompting to be refilled, it was in a pair of items considered to be Northern Chinese specialties that the tasting began and with tender potatoes sliced like noodles beneath a drizzle of vinegar presented alongside richly spiced lamb mixed with shoots, onions, and peppers the opening volley traversed the palate adeptly, the light heat of dried peppers occasionally peaking through with a touch of unexpected sweetness lingering on the end.\n\nMoving onward to the dumplings it was largely at the discretion of our server that the table placed its faith, and opting to see what could be done in a variety of fillings and styles one would be hard pressed to say which presentation was 'best' as not a single one lacked - the steamed beef "XLB" more meaty than most with an intensely flavorful broth while both the 'stone dumplings' amidst their golden lattice and the rich venison variant were chockablock full of flavor, the later almost as juicy as the soup dumplings with more than enough aromatic nuance to help even the most timid palates conquer their fear of game.\n\nPersonally impressed by the soft pumpkin fried beneath salty egg yolk, while others felt the flavors too mundane, it was again a 'vegetarian special' that wowed in the next round of plates and although the robust heat was an early challenge to my somewhat timid tongue subsequent bites of the Laoganma eggplant proved more and more accessible, a mild numbing effect perhaps contributing to somewhat off-putting 'oily' flavor prevalent in sizzling leek pancakes that were otherwise lightly fried and creamy beneath the exterior crunch.\n\nAdmittedly taking a chance on Peking Duck, considering the heritage of the space in which we dined, suffice it to say that neither tepid flesh nor flaccid skin was well received yet with eyes at this point glazing over from the sheer volume of delicious food it was the final plate of the afternoon that proved the most interesting of all; a pile of chopped taro boiled soft beneath a shattering lacquer of caramelized sugar that necessitated a quick bath in iced water in order to avoid severe burns, each cube harkening a creamy one-bite crème brûlée.\n\nUndoubtedly unique, not only in its heritage but also with regard to the cleanliness and friendliness of the staff, Dumpling King is perhaps the very definition of 'hidden gem,' the dumplings themselves undoubtedly on par with the best in the city while other unique plates such as the potatoes, eggplant, pumpkin, and taro are the sort of things I've not seen since trips to Toronto and Richmond, BC.
I came here for my Bros Bachelor party and we had a party of 5. I made a reservation on opentable.com while i was at work and it was very convenient! We walked over here on saturday night around 6 to start the night off right with a good steak dinner. This place came highly recommended from a friend. \n\nThe restaurant was overly amazing. It was clean and dimly light like most steak places. The waiters were knowledgeable and prompt with their service. I got kind of a pretentious vibe from our waiter which was a little off putting. But it didnt bother me too much.\n\nI ordered the Filet Mignon medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. I was very impressed. The steak was soft and flavorful and melted in my mouth. The side dishes were just ok. We ordered broccoli, creamed spinach, and fingerling potatoes. I wasnt impressed by the sides all that much. Not extremely flavorful but still decent.\n\nWe also ordered a $200 bottle of wine which was the most expensive wine i have drank before. I didnt know much about it, the winery was called Mastery and it was a red wine. My bro ordered it not me and it was really good! It was listed on the last page of the wine menu and was $40 a glass, but we ordered a bottle for the table. i wish i figured out what wine it was but it was really really good.\n\nThis is a good spot for a vegas dinner and a great way to start the night! i would definitely check out some other places before i come back here but i recommend it!
Enjoyed an excellent lunch today. Service was attentive without being bothersome, food was outstanding. Lunch special of two tacos and a side salad was delicious. Awesome to see great LOCAL places doing it right.
This is my second time I've had stayed here and I would have to say it's my 2nd fav.  Why? \n\n-It's convenient and great walking distance to the strip.\n-all the suite has it's own small kitchen area.  From a small refrigerator, electric stove, microwave, and a cute toaster! LOL. \n\n\nI didn't want to give them a 5* since our refrigerator wasn't cold and there was mold inside the freezer, while the desk wasn't wiped down, and under the chair was still crumbs!  With my OCD, this is a major disappointment. Hahaha\n\nOverall, it's a very nice suite!  Make sure you stay in tower 1.  It's a good walking distance through the walkway to MGM and the pool.  The other two towers is further walking.
Hands down the best sushi place in town. Food is on point and staff is very friendly and really great service. I'll list down my favorite's that i definitely recommend:\n\nSunshine roll (for salmon lovers)\nTootsie roll\nSpicy tuna roll\nLove hurts roll\nLas vegas roll\nStuffed mushroom
I love love love this place. The food was amazing, the staff was friendly and the store was too cute. This was my first time here and I can't wait to visit again. Unfortunately we don't have one in California just yet. You must visit this place I had the biscuits, grits, eggs and bacon. My nephew had the steak which was seasoned well and my friend had the pork chops which were quite delightful.
Fusion restaurants are amazing and Enoodles almost gets five stars. I found Enoodles by change on Yelp. My family and I were looking for food around Concord and Enoodles had good ratings according to Yelp. Being Asian and from Hawaii I was amazed when I looked at the online menu and spotted Hawaiian Poki! The choice to eat at Enoodles was decided based on this one item. \n\nThe décor was up to date and eye catching and the atmosphere was comfortable and friendly. The staff was on top of refills and accommodations.   \n\nI ordered three items from the menu Hawaiian Poki Trio ($17),  Japanese Chicken Yakitori ($7), and Yaki ramen ($8). \n\nYakitori chickens came on two skewers and were good. I wanted an item I was familiar with so I got the Yakitori chicken I have tasted many other places chicken and I would say the taste wasn't the best, but worth the price. \n\nHawaiian Poki Trio is what brought me to Enoodles and when I received by plate I was amazed at how fancy they tried to make a simple dish. Poki should be kept simple and cut into cubed sized bits. However, they shredded the sashimi into tiny pieces smaller than the tomato pieces in the Poki. The taste was no were near the flavor you would get from Hawaii.  The shredded Tuna mixed with the flavor of the ingredients I would not recommend this dish.  Especially for the price paid. \n\nMy main course was a simple Yaki Ramen with pork. I'm a very simple guy and enjoy fried ramen this is why I ordered this dish. The ramen mixed with the amount of pork was awesome and the flavor of the overall dish I enjoyed.  For $8 I really enjoyed this dish and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a simple, cheap dish that won't hurt your wallet if you are disappointed. \n\nI would recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys noodles or Asian food. Not perfect, but you can tell they are trying to provide great service with great food.
If you are a Pho lover (like I am) this is a must try! The best Vietnamese sandwiches and Phö!!!!
I have a front load washer machine that wouldn't drain or advance into the rinse cycle..this had happened before a year or so ago and I had called a different place that charged me almost what the machine cost to fix it! I'm not sure if I got ripped off or not but when it happened again I called Loe's Appliance and spoke with the owner directly. We made a appointment for the next day and although he was running a bit late he kept in touch with me the whole time so I knew what was going on..When he arrived he seemed totally professional and not one of those "talkers" that go on and on. He got right to business and solved the problem quickly..and the price was way less than what I thought it would be...completely satisfied!
We came here after all of the amazing review I saw here on Yelp. I was here mid-Feb 2012.\n\nWe walked into the little strip mall, it looked like a dingy restaurant with old seating, but dont let the seating fool you this place is amazing.  It's run by a husband wife combo and boy do they know how to cook.\n\nWe ordered pad-thai and the Red curry.  Both were amazing.  I asked it to be extremely spicy because I love spice.  They didnt make it as spicy as I wanted it to be, but I dont care - it tasted amazing.  They make it to your taste if you ask them too.  It's like a home cooked meal basically.  The husband wife are from NY and are very entertaining and friendly as well.\n\nWe also finished off the meal with fried ice cream which was tasty.  Would move to vegas to eat here often. :)
I went here December 22 2015 for an IUD insertion. I waited more than an hour but it was explained to me that I was waiting for the nurse practitioner to show for the insertion, which I understood. A little over 3 weeks later, I suggest my friend show to this location since they put mine in and it was the closest location. Her appointment was at 11 am on a Thursday and we waited over an hour and a half for them to finally call her name and that was only after I went up to the desk and asked about when she'll get called. They thought she was already back there but she was outside changing her baby's diaper. She got called to the back and waited another 30 mins to be seen once in the room. They were very unorganized and seemed like they overbooked the morning. The ratio of patients to APN is unreasonable. They need help. Hopefully the owner of this will see this and fix it.
My first trip to Jay's I wasn't impressed however being within my one hour lunch proximity to work I gave it another go. They've finally done a much needed update to the dingy dining room. It's still not "pretty" but it's not dingy anymore. I'll take not dingy in this hood. This review may seem a tad negative but it's not really. I tried the place it was ok. They improved thier dinging room & I found my faves on the menu. Gyro with feta is very good. The chicken gyro is just delish. I really  like the greek fries but they are little cha ching for the amount you get but I still totally reccomend. \nTIP: drive around the back for parking & use rear entrance.
I like Pho here. Maybe MSG not add in, but delicious here and clean here. I love the food.
I normally would not go to Little Caesars for pizza, but we had a giftcard to use and I decided to stop by here for Lunch on Monday.  I ordered a pizza and gave them the giftcard.  The staff had no idea how to charge with a giftcard.  They apparently got a new system the other day, but LC corporation failed to communicate and train their staff.\n\nI was handed my pizza while they still talked about how to make the giftcard work.  They called someone to ask and were supposed to get a call back.  They didn't tell the person on the other side of the call that they had someone waiting because they never called back while I was waiting.  I waited as they still griped about the new system.  One of the guys eventually said hey, how are we going to help this lady, she had been standing here and waiting.  And the lady says, I'm waiting on the call back.  I asked if I could just get money in exchange for the giftcard and pay with that, she was not willing to do that.  Okay, well do something instead of just griping.  \n\nI eventually asked for my card back, gave them their pizza back, and walked out.  I don't get how you even let something like that happen.  Should have just allowed me to take the pizza and be on my way while they figure out their screw up with the new system.\n\nAnyone want a giftcard?!  I won't be back.
Wow!   I will never visit this location again,   The employees were preparing food with bare hands!   They were wiping their foreheads of sweat and then touching food,   Absolutely disgusting!  I reported it to the manager who said they would remake our food,   No Thanks!!!
My first time at this facility. Staff is VERY friendly and kind. I brought my rescue greyhound, Hermione, and they were very helpful. I definitely recommend this store. Plus they focus on all- natural things- so I found an all-natural, herbal tick (and flea) product that is safe to use on the dogs.\nI will certainly be back!!\nTen stars from me.
First class old school done right!\nBetter than Flemmings
Lunch for four family members.  \nGood:\n--Fresh\n--Lots of choices\n--Service\n\nBad:\n--Skimpy.  We were hungry an hour later\n--Price.  $85 for 4 before drinks or tip\n\nOverall we liked the food, but it is a poor value.  Go and feel good about your choice of eclectic, healthy veggies and tofu, just know that it is expensive and you will be eating again very soon.
Really cool atrium area to hang out in. I enjoyed my smoothie though it was pretty pricey. However, I snagged a slice of pie out of the dessert case and OMG SO GOOD!\n\nIt was supposed to be raw key lime pie but it tasted more like cheesecake. Delicious, though at $6 a slice it will have to be a weekend treat rather than a regular pit stop.
TWENTY. FOUR. HOUR. POUTINE.\n\nNeed I say more?\n\nLa Banquise is known to be rowdy, which is why it made sense that there were two bouncers stationed out front when we went.\n\nWe were a group of 6 and it just took a few minutes to be seated inside (there's also a backyard).\n\nAmong us, we ordered the Classique, the Bacon and the Smoked Meat. Smoked Meat was probably my favorite, but they were all equal parts artery-clogging and delicious. Perfect drunk food, as evidenced by the full tables everywhere.\n\nBeware - the portions are pretty large, even if you get the smaller dish. So bring a friend... or 5.\n\nThey also offer fries and gravy as a side, because why the hell not?\n\nAlso tried one of the beers - a Microbrasserie Alchimiste IPA, which was one of the worst attempts of beer I've ever tried. Seriously, avoid at all costs.\n\nOther than that, La Banquise is a great time.
When i first heard of this place i was a little disturbed by the name, but once i got the nerve to go inside  i was impressed. They have yummy pancakes. They are diabetic friendly and they offer Sugar Free Maple Syrup. I didn't see many crackers around, but they do offer soup, so they might have them in the back. They also have a store area where they sell interesting knick-knacks and other strange items. I would recommend this place.
At Hokkaido Seafood Buffet I had the worst fried spring roll I've ever had and the worst pan-fried dumpling too. The rest of the food that I tried wasn't that much better... they all became unappetizing after a couple bites (or just one bite) with the exception of the stir-fried green beans, but even with those at one point I bit into something hard and unbean-like, like a grain of sand. By the time I got back home I was hungry.\n\nAside from the food and having to look around for the white rice there isn't anything else I can complain about. (Service was good.) Oops no, they're apparently a chain with several locations in California and on their site they don't list their Pittsburgh location. http:\/\/www.hokkaidoseafood.com\/locations.html
Cheri is amazing ! I'm so glad I found this place, because this is my spot now! She is so kind and caring and does the most for her clients. I feel so comfortable and safe with her, she is very knowledgeable I'm definitely impressed. I will be coming back every chance I can
Bleh. Bland, underdone diner food. Needed serious salt and some additional time on the griddle. Soggy potatoes, ok omelet. Wouldn't go back.
Try it .. you'll love it !!! Can not wait to go back !!! We had build your own poke, tuna roll, tuna hand roll, Barramundi (cooked perfectly) . Remone took amazing care of us.. love it....
Despite its Nicely decorated corners that attracts you in with a great view and lightings, the service can be by far the worst i have seen in the Q complex. The servers would just ignore you and purposely delay serving you, as i observed from what happened to our party and two other tables. Never seen staff holding grudges or do as they please. What a shame for such a nice place...
This place was great! Love the way you can customize your meal. I got the spicy pork meatballs with the meat sauce and cheese tortellini. The buffalo shrimp crab dip didn't taste like shrimp or crab, just cold buffalo sauce and cream cheese (which isn't bad, just unexpected). But the donut balls for dessert were warm and delicious.
This is a lovely garden designed by Yoyo Ma on the south side of Queens Quay. Most tourists don't wander further west than the Harbourfront Centre or HTO Park, so this place is usually nice and quiet, even in the summer. There are lots of private little intimate nooks. In the summer, they have weekly concerts (Thursday nights and Sunday afternoons), weather permitting. It's a mix of mostly chamber music and world music, sometimes accompanied by dancers. Last year they had taiko drummers! \n\nThe garden is located right across the street from the Walter Carsen Centre for the National Ballet, so you'll see a lot of dancers passing by. \n\nIf you want to grab a coffee, smoothie, or a sandwich, the Music Garden Cafe (http:\/\/www.yelp.ca\/biz\/music-garden-cafe-toronto) is a perfect option.
Good food, efficient service, and reasonable prices.  Nice place to take out-of-town guests.
I wanting to get rid of my "Mom bob" and boy did Aubrey deliver! I love my new cut I'm looking sassy and fresh, Aubrey was awesome and listened to what I wanted. Come see Aubrey for a fabulous cut you will not be disappointed!
Ce café est vraiment très charmant. Le menu offert semble savoureux peu importe le choix et les prix sont très abordables pour le quartier dans lequel on se trouve. \nLe latte est délicieux, très bonne qualité de café espresso!! C'est un endroit qui accueille les enfants avec un endroit près de la fenêtre où se trouve un cheval à bascule, des livres et quelques peluches pour les amuser pendant que les parents peuvent relaxer dans ce petit cocon très agréable pour passer une partie de l'après-midi. La musique est bonne, le service est super! \nBravo, Pagaille Café
It had been years since I last stayed at the Hard Rock.  I was in town for the first weekend of March Madness.  The Hard Rock offered me a couple of comped nights and discounted rate for the third night, which was too good to resist for my Tues-Fri stay.  I had requested a non-smoking room with a king bed.  Unfortunately, by the time I got to the Hard Rock, the only non-smoking rooms available had two Queen beds, which really wasn't a problem.\n\nI was put in a standard Casino Tower room on the 4th floor overlooking the pool.  Obvious to me, the Casino Tower rooms had been renovated since my last stay.  My room was clean, modern, and comfortable.  I liked the new look.  Fortunately unchanged over the years, my bed and pillows provided excellent support and a great night's sleep.  The Hard Rock's beds have always been a strength.  The shower had good water pressure.  Of note, though, hot water was never a problem in the morning hours, but it seemed to be somewhat in shorter supply (never cold but merely warm) in the early evening hours.  Outside noise wasn't a problem this trip since I was there midweek and the pool didn't appear to be open, but Casino Tower rooms facing the pool are definitely in the blast zone of noise from the weekend's Rehab pool parties.\n\nGambling at the Hard Rock was a huge disappointment.  All blackjack tables except for those in the high-limit room ($100 minimum) were 6:5, no surrender games, which was a surprise given its off-Strip location and it was in effect even during the daytime hours and midweek.  The Hard Rock did have multiple tables with lower limits (i.e. $10 and $15), but even $25 tables were at 6:5 BJ payouts.  The Hard Rock's sports book, while not a great place to watch the games, was not nearly as busy as sports books on the Strip, especially during March Madness.  I didn't compare betting lines between the various sports books, but it was surprisingly quick and easy placing bets at the Hard Rock sports book.\n\nThe Hard Rock will always hold a special place in my heart.  It remains a good place to for a midweek stay.  I will continue to avoid it like the Plague on the weekends.  Its dining options have only gotten stronger over the years.  However, I simply can't recommend it as a place to gamble.   4 stars for my room and dining options.  2 stars for gambling.
Had a late night dinner with a family of 6.  Dinner was excellent and the staff was very nice and friendly.  Would certainly recommend this place.
I can't bring myself to give this place less than 5 stars- it's hands down the best buffet I've ever been to.  Quite literally everything I ate was absolutely delicious and despite being full, I went up for more.  The options are endless, and you can sample so many different types of food.  The game changer for me was the crab legs that they cut in half for you- you heard that right, no work crab legs. I will be dreaming about those crab legs until my next visit... Mmm mmmm mmmm.
I was very eager for Violette's Vegan to open ever since, about years ago, I saw a sign on a storefront near the intersection of Tropicana & Decatur saying it was coming soon. When it finally did come to fruition at a different location I had to check it out. Since then I have been three times once each for breakfast, lunch and dinner.\nMy first visit was for dinner.  My friend and I shared a order of nachos. They were good, although we did not care for the sour cream as it didn't really taste like anything. I ordered the Texas Hold 'Em quesadillas which I liked and my friend ordered a stew made out of tofu, seitan, and tempeh. She said that it was good, but did not care for the side or kale as it wasn't flavorful. She tried adding some salt, but the grinder at the table just left chunks of salt so she could not eat it. For dessert I had the chocolate cake and she had apple pie. Neither one of us were impressed with the desserts.\n     I checked on line to see what time they opened for lunch and arranged my errands around the  11:00 time. When I arrived a piece of paper had handwritten hours taped over the sign on the window, saying lunch started at 11:30. I asked the server and she said they didn't start serving lunch until 11:30. I told her that online it said 11:00, she just smiled (in a snarky manner if you ask me) and replied "11:30". I was just telling them so they knew as a lot of people check on line before coming to a place. I returned later and ordered the BBQ seitan sandwich with a side or cole slaw. After about 20 minutes the server informed me they were all out of cole slaw. I was the first person there for lunch, so it seemed they didn't have any as opposed to having run out. The sandwich tasted good, but the seitan was very tough. Like, you couldn't bite through it when you tried to take a bite of the sandwich and it fell out each time. \n     My last visit was for breakfast. I arrived at 9:00 and sat outside as they still had the closed sign up and tables and chairs were spread out as they cleaned. At one point an employee came outside on his cell phone saying "The place is a mess!" and quickly went inside when he saw me. After about 10 minutes I peaked my head inside and ask if they would be opening soon. They told me they were open (the closed sign was still up). I ordered the scrambled tofu, sausage, and cheese on an English muffin. As I waited they continued to clean. The overwhelming smell of bleach from the mop bucket was a bit too much at times. Twenty minutes later (I was the only customer all of this time) a BLT arrives. I call over the server and ask her if it is a BLT and she replies, "Um, it looks like it". I reminder her I didn't order a BLT and she says what I d order. So, she didn't check it before bringing it out. She did stop backtrack o apologize and ask if I wanted a muffin. Another 20 minutes go by and my correct order comes out. The food was good, but not remarkable.\n     I gave a three star rating because my over all opinion of the place is okay. The food is alright, nothing spectacular. The servers are okay, with the exception of my lunch time experience, they are nice enough, but not overly friendly or attentive even. Every visit I've seen other customers having issues with something being out or not served at this time as well.  I'd really like to see them iron out the issues and be successful. It's great to have an all vegan place that serves organic food too.
I always make a stop here when I'm passing through Madison. Their chocolate is out-of-sight. Especially their specialty flavors and homemade marshmallows. I can't wait to visit Madison again! :)
We experienced a stunning dinner experience, from the ambiance, fabulous and innovative food preparation, to the exquisite service.  We had their combination Signature menu with caviar tasting added.  Included dishes were  "Colors of Caviar," Heirloom Tomatoes Salad and Tartare, miniature hamburger on a miniature sesame bun (maybe a total of 3\/4 of an inch across!) that had incredible flavor;   Frozen Vinaigrette; Red Mullet, Chanterelles and Natural Jus; Foie-Gras "Bitter Infusion"; Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup,Toasted Mushroom Brioche, and Black Truffle Butter (Guy Savoys signature dish); American Prime Beef Tenderloin, Oxtail Pommes Boulangère (sooo sweet and tender) and Baby Heirloom Carrots; and Fine Cheeses,  Quince and Apple, Chocolate Fondant, Crunchy Praline and Chicory Cream.  It also included an amazing assortment of breads.  And champagne of course.\n\nNeedless to say we were stuffed.  Everything was so good and beautifully plated.  Service was attentive but non-hovering, and very congenial.  Could not have been better.
Though it was a brief visit, I'm in love with the decor. If you love vintage, this is where you need to stop! I'll definitely prepare to a longer stay in the future. Oh, and that sexy car outside the building is too gorgeous!\n\nSee you soon!
This place was filthy dirty gross. Crap all over the tables, grease on the floor. Employees seemed nonplussed and I probably would too if I was only making $7.80 an hour. \n\nMy chicken was soggy and the butter burger tasted like it had seen better days.  Yuck.
Salad was good, but that's about it. Would have been better off (and saved a bunch of money) getting a rotisserie chicken and a bag of frozen veggies from Harris Teeter. The 'mixed vegetables' were nothing but a Swanson medley of peas, carrots, and corn, drenched in salt and butter. Please, take it off the menu, it's just embarrassing.
Came here for a late lunch once.\n\nFood: Ordered 1 lb. honey garlic original wings with sweet potato fries (was able to substitute from regular fries). The sweet potato fries were thin cut, crispy and seasoned well. The dill sauce was a tasty companion to both the fries and wings. Overall, yummy! \n\nService & Atmosphere: Not sure if it was due to low peak hours but the waitress was attentive and regularly checked up on us. \n\nPricing: There are daily specials on the menu which are worth coming here for. Pricing of wings was fair for location.
Damn...take out that second mortgage before catching a game here.  1 star is even a stretch!  \n\nMy buddy was in town (Padre fan) and wanted to watch them play at a different stadium other than their home field on 83rd in Peoria.  I had never been down here to this stadium, so we decided that we would try to catch a game here.  The Padres were playing the Giants at 7pm on Friday night.  I went online to buy tickets, and almost passed out from shock!  Lawn seats were $39.00.  Yes, you heard that right....a LAWN SEAT aka GENERAL ADMISSION was $39.00.  I know we are in Scottsdale, but Jesus Christ!  It's a Spring Training game for crying out loud!  When I saw those prices, there was no way in hell I was going to pay that much to watch a Spring game.  My buddy wound up getting some tickets through a rewards program at work, so technically they didn't cost us anything out of pocket.  He got us some bleacher seats.  Just for shits and giggles, I looked up the prices of bleacher seats.......$70.00!  Once again, are you fucking serious?  $70.00 to sit on a metal bench down the 3rd base line?  I pretty much threw up in my mouth.  Anyways.....enough of that.  With tickets in hand, we headed on down to Scottsdale.  \n\nWe found free parking a few blocks down (the only positive thing I can say about this trip) and made our way up to the stadium.  I like the spot its situated in, but once we walked through the gates, I don't have anything else positive to say.  Here are my beefs..........\n\n1.  Bleacher seating-  They are 100 foot long rows of bleachers.  One way in, one way out.  If you are seated on the end, not near the walkway, have fun shuffling past about 40 people to get to your seat.\n2.  Standing room only-  They have a huge hill where you can stand in the outfield to try and watch the game.  Its the smallest and worst area I have ever seen for SRO.  Unless you get there way early, find a piece of land to stake your claim near the actual fence, good luck enjoying trying to watch the game from any decent angle.  The other problem circles back to those bleacher seats.  The bleachers are all up and down 1st and 3rd base, so while walking around the stadium, there are NO sight lines.  It's a horrible set up.  \n3.  Concessions-  I understand that things are expensive at the stadiums.  I have no problem shelling out a few bucks for certain things.  I saw some of the prices of things, and once again, threw up in my mouth.  A beer was $11.50!  An Its It Ice Cream Sandwich (Greatest thing ever, btw) was $7.50!  Damn, Gina!  Its its are really really good, and they are my favorite ice cream sandwich ever,  but not $7.50 good!\n4.  Bathrooms-  I went into 2 different restrooms and each one had only one urinal and 2 stalls.  I know this is an older stadium, but with only 3 pissing receptacles available, lines were incredibly long just to take a leak.\n5.  The Giants fans in general.  I have many friends that are Giants fans and none of them are douchebags, so I know that ALL Giants fans aren't complete tools.  Besides the direct people I know though, most Giants fans I have encountered, are dicks.  They just have an aura about them that I don't like.  Very "smug".  Its the same thing I have experienced up at ATT.  Beautiful stadium, but you are surrounded by asshats. Thankfully, we found some SD folks to chill with for a few innings and had a good time.  Northern CA folks are just "different".  I much prefer the more laid back, chill vibe from Southern CA and get along better with people from Southern CA (LA and SD). \n\nWell...that is about it.  I don't ever see myself coming back to this stadium.  It's way too expensive, sight lines are the worst I have ever seen at a ballpark, and the general douchebaggery of Giants fans will keep me away.
Kelly Sargent has been cutting my hair for about 20 years along with my 2 daughters.  When my hair started to grey she highlighted my hair and people have no idea that I have grey hair. My daughter has gotten highlights by Kelly that perfectly suit her coloring. I don't know how she does it but Kelly is the best color stylist I know. She also gives great cuts that compliment your face and hair type. I highly recommend her!
This place has gotten pretty bad over the years, I remember coming here and the food was decent. I ordered a curry rice and seriously? You can serve this to your customers? The rice was so mushy, the curry had no taste, the chicken seems like it was cooked overnight. The plate was $7 which I found was quite pricey for the size and the taste. I will not come back here. Horrible food!
I can't think of a single negative thing about this place.  The food, the drinks, the service, the ambiance - all perfect in the coolest way.  We started with a frozen mango margarita with a spicy syrup on top.  It was a beautiful color,  and the sweet mango mingled beautifully with the heat of the syrup.  The chips were served warm and came with a fresh salsa.  The guacamole was piled high in the bowl and was chunky and fresh with a generous amount of cilantro.  I had a veggie burrito, which had a variety of roasted vegetables and spanish rice.  I loved that I could taste a slight char on the vegetables.  My lunch companion had a trio of tacos, which included barbacoa and a shrimp taco that had marinated onions on top.  I'm not sure what the third taco was because I was too busy falling in love with my burrito.  Our servers were friendly and one of them showed us the colorful local artwork that adorned the walls, as well as the art studio where local artists bring their artwork, play ping pong, and hang out in this unique and delicious Phoenix cantina.  Paz Cantina was recommended to us by a bellman at the Sheridan in downtown Phoenix.  We asked if he could suggest a place for Mexican food that wasn't touristy.  Mission accomplished.  Whether you live in Phoenix, or just passing through, check Paz out.  Really.  Do it.
The food is awsome the meatballs are world class the chicken franchasise was amazing the bread is true Italian nice soft middle with a crust every thing about the food is amazing the service a little  slow  servers have to many tables and they a game with seating they leave open tables so that as guest walk by you think there not on a wait  then they make u make 15 20.minutes which ever one waits because you can't walk anywhere else
Randy's smiling face and upbeat attitude is really what makes this place, which is why it is receiving three stars instead of one or two.  The hot dogs are ok, definitely better than, say Circle K.  The burgers seem to be made with cheap, pre-formed frozen patties and are not very palatable.  Also, they don't have french fries like a normal burger joint, they have 'home fries'.  Not the same.  If I'm getting a burger, it had better come with fries.  Just sayin.  The sandwiches are on the small side for the price and are, again, just ok.  Be sure to have lots of time on hand because everything is made to order and takes a while, or order ahead.  I want to support this place, really I do.  But unless you want a free hug from Randy, you'd be better off going somewhere else.
I wanted to like this place, but I just can't. The service was slow from start to finish. It was after 9pm so they were not overly busy. A table should never have to be sitting with a credit card in hand staring into space for 10 minutes before anyone notices they are ready to leave. The food was mediocre. The coconut shrimp were all breading and soggy. The fried cod was tasteless. The fancy drinks were completely watered down. We left a table full of food and $75 at this place. We won't be back.
Just a burger, nothing gourmet out it cause it was no where to be found. Decided we wanted a burger and tried it. They could not even cook it to order. Ordered 2 burgers, fries, milk shake and beer for $47 not worth it.
Friday night and this place is busy. Parking is in a small lot but if that's full you can park across the street or down the block behind this old auto shop bldg. No better time to visit this great diner. I brought friends who had never been to Pinky's before. I don't think they had even heard of it even thought they have lived in the area for 15 years. \nWe ordered the sweet potato chips with wasabi dip, pimpin' cheese fries with chili and fried pickles. Light and delicious breading on the pickles was so nicely seasoned and the crispy of the sweet potato chips was not greasy at all. Sweet tea was delicious. \nThen on to our dinner. We ordered pterodactyl burgers, one DING DONG STYLE and the other WESTSIDE STYLE. cooked to perfection made of ultra fresh beef. Toppings were amazing and in the right proportions to the huge burgers. My other dinner companion ordered the pork burger with arugula and pineapples. It had the most amazing flavor explosion on my tongue when I begged a bite. \nWe were too full for dessert but took home a piece of pound cake lemon drop style. (Yes like the soda.) They also have cheerwine flavored cake. Just like homemade. \nAs you can see I really don't like this place!  Totally kidding. I adore it and I'll be back. \nAs for the staff, they work together like a clock. Everyone there is wiling to fill your glass or answer you needs from the hostess to the cook. That's what makes this place the total package.
I'm from out of town. Found this nail salon and had a great experience. Andy did a mani and a hot stone pedi. Very thorough and professional job. He found out that I needed to get a shuttle to my hotel a few miles away and said Lee who was working the desk would drive me. They were awesome and I can't wait to go back next month.
Great daily deals on drinks. Loved my grilled swordfish tacos. Service was timely and pleasant. Will return.
Feeling adventurous, my hubby and I stopped by for brunch as we had not tried this eatery before. We were seated right away and almost every table was filled. The first impression for me was that it smells heavily of grease.  The menu is large, something for every taste. Our server was pleasant and attentive. It took 30 minutes for our food to arrive. We both ordered pancakes with combo deal of 2 eggs and bacon. The pancakes are huge, so a short stack of 2 cakes was more than enough for me. My order was correct, but my hubby's cranberry orange cakes arrived with blueberries instead of cranberries. Our over medium eggs were more like over easy, pretty loose.  Along with the cakes and eggs, we had one iced tea and a coffee and by the time we added a tip, we had a $40 breakfast. Note for the handicapped: there is not even one ADA compliant parking space here. There is, however, a curb cut out by the door. Doubt we will go back, especially after reading some of the other reviews here.
I'm originally from the Pittsburgh area, but moved out of state a couple of years ago. I was coming home to get married and looked to Yelp for a salon with great reviews. I am SO glad I found this place. Everyone was so friendly. The salon itself felt nice and cozy. But most importantly, they made my wedding party and me look gorgeous!! Whitney did an amazing job on my hair and Molly had my make-up looking flawless. All night at the wedding, everyone told me I looked like a porcelain doll. Even my MOH, who works in a hair salon, was very impressed by the work done here!! I highly recommend this salon to anyone getting married. You will not have to stress because you are in great hands!
Their shashimi is great and fresh. The price is reasonable. We ordered the chirashi bowl and the house sushi. They were both amazing. $55 including tax in total. Not a bad deal.
This is my latest Yelp review where I'm truly stuck between 3-4 stars and wish we could go halves like the overall average does.\n\nSo, my 3 1\/2 star experience here featured a high level of customer service, even though it was very obvious that the female employee actually taking my order was a new employee. Another employee looked over her shoulder to make sure she entered the details of my order properly and that particular employee answered every question I had with enthusiasm for my business.\n\nThe Teriyaki Charburger was a good choice, especially since I left off the mayo because I don't know why anyone would want to mix mayonnaise with Teriyaki sauce. Unless it is mustard and ketchup, makes no sense for me to mix condiment sauces on any sandwich. Pick one for that particular flavor and enjoy it, don't create condiment chaos that overwhelms the ingredients. \n\nThat Teriyaki burger was better than I hoped and a really good value for the price. Feel free to take my lead and order yours also with sourdough instead of the toasted bun for no upcharge.\n\nI also had a garden salad with tri-tip steak added to it and while I also thought it was a good value, I have to agree with others that the salad is just kind of average in taste and nothing special. The value came in the size of the salad and the amount of steak they added for the additional charge, but I didn't even finish the salad portion despite trying three different dressings at a time to add some flavor to the veggies.\n\nThis space is very clean and convenient for those like me who stay just off The Strip and sometimes just want to grab and go dinner from a place a step up from fast food, yet not wait at a bar for takeout at a casual dining restaurant. \n\nBesides, after a long flight into Vegas and all the additional time required to get off the plane, pick up my golf clubs at baggage claim, ride the shuttle to the rental car center, pick up the actual rental car itself and drive to my hotel, this Habit is right on the way to Westgate and feeds me quickly without any hassles of The Strip itself.
Really wanted to like this place. Great reviews, great pics, i even went on their instagram and was so excited when i saw past client pics. But... \n1) they were bit rough on my nails. I got a pedicure and gel manicure and as one girl was doing a pedicure another girl was trying to do a manicure and nicked me a couple times when she was cutting my cuticle\n2) i showed her a picture from their actual instagram page and she recommended something else because she wasnt sure of the color. Note* i really did like what we ended up doing but still.\n3) after a week my nails are cracking lifting and chipping it looks like i am at 2-3 week mark which is usual for me. (See pics) \nMaybe was just an off day for me but ehh wasnt too impressed with everything.
I am still TRYING to pay my bill at the Cleveland Clinic. I call the payment department many times each month and actually speak to a rep maybe 1 out of every 20 times I call. I have been able to successfully complete 2 out of my 3 installments but this last one has been really hard to get through. I've even given them my payment information twice in order to complete this last payment; the first time the money never came out of my acct and the second time I called the rep said the computer crashed in the middle of our transaction. I guess they just don't want me to finish paying off my bill... They must really like the sound of my voice. So I've begun paying this bill off in monthly installments last March and I've been trying to make this last payment for about two months. Ugh! You would think they'd be more receptive to taking the money I owe them.
It's not expensive ($75\/night). I've stayed here before and was satisfied. The rooms are small enough to give it a cozy feel. Especially the bathrooms. The breakfast is pretty good for what you pay for.\n\nThe only issues that I had was the A\/C and the bathroom.\n\nThe A\/C was in a position that didn't allow the air to hit the rest of the room.  I ended up having to move a table to get the airflow going. A room that I rented in the past had the air hitting a mattress that was inches away and didn't allow for proper circulation.\n\nAs the door the bathroom, the shower drains extremely slow and the bathroom vent moves air even slower. I have to have the bathroom light\/fan running non-stop to keep air moving at the sink and the bathroom or it gets humid.\n\nThe pool is very clean and blue. Not like the picture you see from another yelper. Yes, the carpets have seen better days, but the two times I've stayed here, they were fine.
This place is a joke. I've been waiting 3 weeks for an appointment. I've called countless times and got a never ending ringer. When someone did answer, I was told the lady who handles referrals would call me back within the hour. This has happened 3 times now and not once have I been called back. If you're suffering from severe depression, anxiety, and ptsd, you can't keep waiting and waiting! We need help now!
Some friends and I came on a Saturday night at 5 and stayed till 8. There were very few patrons, which was too bad because this place has a lot to offer: decent organic food, a nice view of the lake, live jazz music starting at 7. Unfortunately, with little advertising or visibility, I worry about its future success!\n\nWhile I generally recommend Captain's Cove, I must warn against ordering the "World's Healthiest Dessert" featuring the Xocai chocolate the restaurant hawks. It consists of a medium-sized chocolate cookie, a scoop of vanilla ice cream, and a square of the chocolate itself. The cookie is gritty and has a horrible flavor, and this dessert will set you back $14 - the same as most of the entrees on the menu! Yikes! Do yourself a favor and order one of the cheesecakes, which are quite nice and reasonably priced.
What a gorgeous and classy place without the stuffy\/snooty feel.  We stopped in for Saturday brunch and it was delicious.  I got the Classic Tartine with side salad and ate every bit of it.  My friend ordered the Sundae Waffle (yes, ice cream and chocolate sauce on a waffle) and it too was fantastic.  They also have a beautifully decorated area in the back where they host cooking classes and that spot can be used for parties especially in the warmer weather where the wall can open to the patio.  While there we did sign up for a future cooking class. \n\nThe only down side is the parking.  The front lot is a bit small and there are signs posted in the back lot that it is not for their customers.  My friend had to park across the street.
I used to work at this location, and as an employee, I wouldn't rate it so high, but, now 5 years after I've left, I can review it as a consumer.   Overall, besides constantly being overstuffed with teens killing time before their movie starts at the theater across the hall and the starbucks always having a lineup going partly down the stairs, the employees are attentive and knowledgable.  \nA special shout out to Wendy in the childrens section....this woman is FANTASTIC, I swear she's read and reviewed every book available in her section!  She's great to ask for recommendations, as well.  Other notable employees are Janelle in fiction...she ran all through the store, on a busy saturday, just to find me a copy of the book I was looking for...and Chantelle at cash..that girl is amazing :)\nThey have a great selection of sale items up to %80 off...and they're not the torn copies!!  Those ones get you an additional %10 off!\nI *heart* Indigo Yorkdale :D
Good god this place was amazing. The food, the ambiance, the wait service. Everything.\n\nThe little chef's samplers that they serve between meals is the best thing about Alex. Oh, and their pastry chef makes some AMAZING desserts. We were celebrating my birthday, so the pastry chef sent out some small cakes that were to die for.\n\nThe sommelier is a crazy awesome dude. Kind of weird though. He kept smelling the wine.
I'm hoping the manager of Kneaders will read this - I will be back because I love your food, but I was disappointed in the service today.  This was my first time in the Las Vegas Kneaders - I've been to some of your Utah locations.  At 4pm today, Saturday, it wasn't busy, and the girl in glasses was at the register gossiping in a not nice way about somebody else.  When I was ready to place my order, I was not asked if I wanted a sample, I was not asked about a loyalty card - I noticed signs for these after I headed out.  I was looking forward to the Pumpkin Chocolate Chip mini-cake that I ordered in my combo but when I got home it was some kind of German Chocolate something.  These hiccups won't prevent me from returning but maybe a reminder to staff that attention to detail and an awareness that customers are paying attention to the things you say is in order.  Thank you.
Just called these people for a ffl transfer , mainly cuase the owner is from the same home state i am .  They want 75 bucks for a ffl transfer.  Ive been paying 25 + 25 for bk grnd .    No thanks
Came here on a recent trip and decided to try another location, ummmmmm ummmm ummm so good wish they had one in California.  I ordered one skewer of chicken and one skewer of the ground beef both were very flavorful and cooked to perfection.  The warm bread was a hit and do they sell their salad dressing?
Came to Vegas to get married and was lucky enough to discover Essence a few blocks down from our hotel.  Extremely friendly and courteous staff. The young lady that assisted me was very pleasant and knowledgeable. There was no pressure or rush to get to the next patients.  They have a plethora of products to fit your needs. Inside was extremely neat and clean and the parking lot was well lit and safe. The prices are amazing too and first time patients get a nice discount \nDon't think twice about going there, you won't be disappointed
The entire staff is excellent. Dr. Eckel was subjected to my scrutiny as a surgeon before my hysterectomy and didn't mind the millions of medical and personal questions. I wouldn't let just anyone cut on me! If felt confident and knew I had picked the right man! Everything went smoothly with no complications whatsoever. LOVE THEM!!! Hate the fact that I am now living out of state.
Wonderful bridal shop! Everything you could need in one place. Very good prices and excellent quality.  Krystal provides great advice and guidance. Excellent customer service. Buying my bridal dress here was a pleasant and stress free experience. I will come back to get accessories... items can be customized
First off, let me say that I'm glad this place exists in bloomfield as the only other passable alternative to Umi, and that I will update this review after I've experienced it again.\n\nPlace is comfortable and small for a sushi place.  I came here with a friend who isn't very experienced so we decided to order rolls rather than straight fish, however I did get an order of Otoro, which was silghtly steep at $18 for two slices.  Rolls were great, the spicy tuna was actually spicy which is a refreshing change.  The Otoro wasn't as buttery as I expected and the temperature of the fish was distracting- it was way too cold in the center and cool near the edges.  When temperature is so important for just two pieces of fish like this, I would have expected it to be perfect.\n\nService was great up until the end of the meal.  She was thorough in explaining the menu.  We had ordered something that she suggested (one of the more expensive box rolls at the bottom of the menu) but it came out as a square of rice with a thin sliver of yellowtail on top.  Neither my buddy nor I are particularly fond of yellowtail, especially on a huge hunking wad of rice, so we let her know.  She proceeded to suggest that we "take the fish off and just eat everything else" which I was floored by.  Did... she just tell me to eat rice balls?  We didn't eat any of it, and got no compensation back.\n\nAll things considered, this place is passable, but I will be back for the omakase which is offered in 3 tiers.  $65 for 4-6 courses, $85 for 5-8 courses, and $100+ for "sit down and the chef throws fish at you until you say stop
This is a really cool place to drink with friends. We love the atmosphere of this bar. Very cool jukebox. The bartenders are always awesome and friendly. Great beer choices. A nice eclectic decor in the bar.
I love this place. I have been coming here for years. Best place to get your nails done and pedicures.
My breakfast joint?\n\nYou mean the one that serves up a decent breakfast special (under 7 buck) from 6 to 10 am Mon thru Fri?\nThat place with all the specialty hot sauces?\nThe one that's super clean, has a well maintained interior and super staff?\n\n\n  ;)
I waited a few minutes at the counter to be helped at about 2:30 pm. I knocked on the counter. I shouted hello?!  I shouted louder. I walked out and walked back in. Finally someone came to the counter from the back. I shouldn't have to work this hard to give you money.
This place has authentic kaachi gohst ki biryani, and it's absolutely divine! I've searched high and low for a place that serves this, and I'm so glad I found CC. In case you're wondering what it is, it's when the raw marinated meat is cooked over a slow flame with half-cooked rice. They're chicken biryani and bihari kababs are also great. I would highly recommend this place for anyone wishing to sample a taste of Hyderabad's royal cuisine- just make sure you call ahead and order for pickup to avoid long wait times.
The Yard is like a big recess for adults at night so it seems.So weird to see three restaurants in one place, does it work , does it not work..well it was packed even though one can not find easy parking. Obviously, when placing the The Yard and the other restaurants in one place, FOX didn't think about logistics.  So what if you have to walk in the middle of the night in the dark, people will still come. And they did. \n\nWe had a large group and even though a reservation was made days before, they weren't very accommodating in the end.  Drinks were overpriced even for a soda and cider.  Service, well I felt for the girl who had to run around quickly to all the tables and groups.  I tried the pretzel dish, I've had better.  They were pretty hard and the cheese wasn't really the greatest.   I ended up not eating there, because again, our area didn't have enough seating nor tables to do so.  Others said they were not impressed with their food either.\n\nThe ping pong  area was fun, however a group of pretentious hipsters decided to stand right in back of us, so a lot of the balls would hit one of them obviously..did they try to move or say sorry..yeah no. Sounds like recess back in the day! \n\nWould I go again, maybe for a drink but I would not wait any amount of time to get a table for any of the restaurants, when there's other places right down the street, just as popular and able to seat us right within a decent amount of time - 45 minutes to an hour is way to long!
We stayed at this resort. Only downside, if you consider it a downside, it's about 10miles from the strip. I enjoyed not having the noise of the strip but still being within driving distance.\n\nRooms are spacious. Bathrooms are AWESOME!!! The resort has a casino which pays out well and 4-5 restaurants onsite. We are at 2, Jayde Fusion - ok and Burgers and Brews - pretty good. They offer a CA residents rate when you call in and the price couldn't be beat. Service at the front desk and from room service was great. Best place to stay off the strip.\n\nOh yeah and the pool.....BEST IN VEGAS.
I wanted a second opinion on an inspection I received on my car and Joe did an awesome job and explained everything to me thoroughly. He's very honest and passionate about his work. I got a front sway bar replaced that was making noise along with some other work and Joe did a great job so I plan on coming to him for all my car needs!
Worst drive through experience, will avoid this place at all cost. Rude and unprofessional workers, food was eh and fries were cold.
I'm not a fan of running to write a review of salons until I trust them implicitly. I've been burned before!\n\nI, however, choose to throw that caution to the wind and say that this is one of the best salons I've ever been to. I love it. \n\nFriendly, friendly people. Access to coffee and drinks from a little cafe next door that they go and get and bring back to you! Lots of great products for sale and really comfy washing station. I love putting my feet up!\n\nNow to the real gem of this place: Mylisa. \n\nWhat can you say when you've had so many bad stylists and then you find the best hairstylist ever? Words fail me. \n\nBut i'll try. She's beautiful, funny, engaging and MAN, can she do hair! I love the way she does my twice-weekly blowouts so much. My hair looks gorgeous for days and days it's done so well! And, she uses the best, most perfect product on my hair. \n\nThe only way she can leave me is if she takes me with her. I mean, like, she's restraining order good. I can't stay away! I'm finally excited to have someone do my hair the way I love it! \n\nMylisa is the BEST. (go find your own stylist, she's mine)
I wish we had a Shake Shack back in Hawaii, but until then, I got my fill in Vegas.\n\nLocated right outside of the New York New York, its hard not to miss. Although I've only gone both times around 8pm, there is ALWAYS a line, however, its never a long wait to order. Both times I got the Shack Stake and both times there were amazing. Tried to get the fried mushrooms on the side, but they don't sell it, Sad. I've tried a few of their shakes and wasn't too impressed with them. The strawberry was decent. The same as everywhere else so nothing I'd go out of my way for.  I also tried their salted peanut butter shake and that was just a mistake. So salty. I know its salted, but it was as if someone was mad and decided to get back at the customers by loading up the salt content. \n\nOther than that, the wait time was an average of 10-15 minutes for the food. Service was great. The place is kept clean even though they're so busy. I loved being able to sit outside with all the beautiful lights in the background.
I came here because they have an on site window chip repair guy. My husband had recently come here and received excellent service and then I got a chip so I needed a quick fix. That was a reasonable price for service and very friendly customer service. Richard helped me out and was very polite, kind and courteous. After I left Richard called me because he thought I left my backpack there. HONESTY. My best policy. I would go back to him for sure. \n\nI am a low price car wash kind of gal so this was pricey for me... I like the $5 gas station washes. I got the $14.95 regular wash and it was great. My car was extensively vacuumed and the windows were all smudge free. Great service!!
A rip off ,staff is not friendly ,food and drinks overpriced,golf overrated.  And rooms are small.
Ok, so this place is a big box dental corporation. This is not your average individually owned\/family owned dental practice. My first appointment I was told over the phone that they schedule two visits; one to clean your teeth and one for the X-rays\/consultation. I'd never heard of that and thought it was odd and inconvenient, but agreed to go. Oddly,  they did all of it in the first appointment, so I'm not sure why I was initially told this. \n\nThe dental hygienist starts off by telling me that because I was 2 months past due for my last 6 month cleaning that I "probably had some form of gum disease\/periodontal disease" and I needed to "prepare myself" for that. This was before she'd taken one look in my mouth. She then pulls out a book filled with pictures of people with advanced gum and periodontal disease and makes me look at each picture. By this time I'm wondering what kind of dental office I'm in because NONE have ever done this and I know full well I have healthy gums. \n\nShe then takes about 40 pictures of my teeth. I normally have bite wings done and every 5 years they'll do the full mouth X-ray, but I've never had actual camera type pictures taken. It took a good hour. \n\nFinally she starts the exam and unbelievably I have NO gum disease nor periodontal disease. In fact the dentist (when he finally appeared) said I have excellent gums and bones, which I already knew. \n\nThe same hygienist then starts using high pressured sales techniques to get me to buy one of their electric toothbrushes. I told her I like the one I have and she made snide comments like,"well if don't want the best" etc...She then informed me I'd be charged $80 for this visit. I have NEVER been charged for a 6 month cleaning\/exam. I have insurance and it's free. She said I would be charged $56 for an oral cancer screening and $24 for fluoride. I declined both and that's when she got nasty. She kept trying to make me agree and I would not. I finally told her I forgot my checkbook and she said to me with a look of disgust,"oh so you didn't come prepared to your visit today." I was so shocked by her comment that I just sat there speechless. \n\nBottom line, if you need affordability for things like crowns and root canals, this is a good place. Luckily I've never had a root canal, but I needed a crown due to a cracked tooth and they quoted me a price about $300 lower than where I actually got the work done. I'm told their prices are low for other things too. However, I believe they lie to uninformed patients and scam them. Beware and absolutely get a second opinion!
I found this place to be ok. The biggest problem is there is always a little queue on weekends. Also, their eggs are good, but Toronto has many other better breakfast places than this one, including chains like Cora's or Eggsmart.
I took my 2 dogs to this clinic on a recommendation and am glad I did. The support staff is knowledgeable and caring.  I wasn't a client yet and called about a prescription diet I was buying in the USA. They researched it with the manufacturer  and promptly called me back. When the girls were due for a checkup  I saw Dr Wendy  and she was wonderful. I got an appointment quickly and was seen right on time.  Great clinic! Madison and Macy thank you!
Excellent wings with more flavors than just 'mild' or 'hot'. I ordered garlic parm and lemon garlic, both of which were delicious. The fries were also surprisingly good (as fries rarely are at a pizza place). To top it off, delivery was within the time quoted, and even a little early. Driver was polite as well. Only potential issue is the 3.50 delivery charge, but it's well worth it if you don't want to go in to pick up your food. Definitely give it a try, delivery or pickup.
Overrated. Both food and service were wanting- there are several superior choices for Italian fare or pizza in Ft. Mill\/Tega Cay.
Always support your local USO even if you're not active duty or retired!  God Bless America!
Visiting Champaign on business and stumbled onto this great Irish pub.   First of all the decor is very traditional Irish.  Second & more importantly is they call a Snakebite a Snakebite, not  Black Velvet or one of the other abominations.  I ate before I found this gem, so no food for me.  I'll eat the next time I'm in town.   Juan was great too.\n\nSlainte!
Food is good and delivery is quick. Eat from here often and have never had a bad experience. Try the Singapore Rice Noodles if you eat here.
a surprising Thai place in the small town of Brunswick OH.  I was impressed with the décor here and the fact that it is family run and the cooks are Thai. they have all the classic dishes, pad thai, pad see ewe, etc as well as dishes like teriyaki chicken for the more timid.  they will adjust the level of spice per your request  good table service.  full bar. highly recommended if you are in the Akron area.
Usually when I order fish and chips at a place I end up with something that is more batter (see: greasy, dark brown and crusty) than fish, and my stomach does somersaults within an hour.\n\nNot so at Off the Hook. I was pleasantly surprised to get a nice piece of halibut that was light in colour, not hidden in a coating of greasy batter and didn't make my stomach flip afterwards.\n\nThe secret must be in the coating (including organic or gluten free flour) and whatever type of oil they use to cook their fish. It just tastes healthier than most places.\n\nIt was just one piece of halibut (with homemade tartar sauce) but it was more than enough alongside a portion of yam fries (with dipping sauce) and coleslaw, all for $13. That's a great price because most places charge $15-$17 per plate for substandard fish and chips.\n\nThe service was quick and friendly, there's a little bar in the back with a couple of brews on tap (on this night I chose Spearhead), and there's limited seating.\n\nI was there on a Saturday night. All but one or two tables were full and quite a few people were coming in for take-away.
This store has generally had good service but recently I wanted to purchase some window screens. I promptly received a call from Jeremy and he measured the windows and gave me a price. I went to pay for them and it took me over an hour to do so. I was told to go to the customer service desk and waited for a while until I asked the cashier. Artie himself came to the customer service desk, looked my way and took off with another employee. I was bounced around from the cashier to the customer service desk to another employee and finally to a lady who took the time to get me taken care of. A confusing and arduous experience.
I recently took a cross country road trip and plotted out a few brewpubs to visit on beermapping.com.  I must say, I was EXTREMELY glad I stopped here.\n\nThis is what I think of when I think of a good brewpub.  Heck, even if this place didn't serve there own beer I'd come here often.  They had a knowledgeable staff who were around quite often to get our orders.  I never had an empty glass, which makes this beer fan very happy.\n\nI didn't get to try too much of their food, but looking at other people's orders I could tell it was pretty good bar fare with a few twists.  I had the pizza bites which my friend and I fell in love with.  They were crispy, flavorful, and absolutely awesome.  \n\nTheir beer is what I came for and it didn't disappoint in the slightest.  The best one I tried was their cask coffee stout.  It was VERY creamy and the coffee flavor was noticeable, but not overpowering.  I was a bit disappointed that they didn't have a sampler for their beers, but I did my duty and had a full glass of each of their own.  Very good stuff.\n\nThey are a bottle shop as well, which means you can buy individual bottles of a huge selection of beer.  And as previously stated, the staff was very knowledgeable.  I asked about Flemish Sour ales and it turned out they not only knew what they were, but had two I could purchase and take home with me.  Excellent!\n\nThe seating was pretty awesome as well, there were tables all over and a great use of space.  There was this odd bar like thing that ran through the center of the building and in one corner they had a huge pile of board games stacked.  I like the way these people think!  There's nothing like kicking back with some friends and a brew while playing games.\n\nThe feel of the place was that of a local hangout, which personally I feel the most comfortable around.  Honestly, I'm a little jealous that I don't live in Phoenix so that I could come here more often.  I will be making a point to stop here everytime I drive through though.  I HIGHLY recommend this brewpub.
This place is a joke. They make an appointment for you and then you have to wait 2 hours to be seen. Why would you make appointments if you don't stick to them. I dislocated my knee at work and thought I tore my ACL in the process. The PA wanted to send me to therapy without getting an MRI to see if anything was wrong. I literally had to beg him to send me for a MRI. There has to be a better way to get help for work related injuries.
The customer service and professionalism is terrible. I ordered items for a wedding. They gave me a time and date to pick up. Nothing was ready. They did the engraving while I waited an hour and the other items did not come in. Not even an apology. I will NEVER consider going there again!
I got takeaway here the other night because I just moved into my flat and had no cooking supplies (...ok I don't think I really need an excuse to get takeaway). Anyway, I haven't tried any other Malaysian food here in Edinburgh, but I did enjoy a good beef rendang back when I lived in NYC. I did not really care for the rendang at Nanyang though...the beef did not seem slow cooked and tender like I was used to, I found it quite chewy and tough. The sauce wasn't creamy and instead was mostly just chewy shredded coconut. Since I haven't had much Malaysian food around here yet, maybe this is the style, it just was not what I was used to (usually like it with a much creamier sauce with coconut milk) and I did not care for it. I probably won't be back anytime soon as it seems there are better Malaysian places nearby.
Sure, you could hate on LGO for:\n-the difficulty of finding a parking spot (although people are always coming and going, wait 2 minutes and someone will vacate a spot or there is ALWAYS parking across the street)\n-the crowd or occasional snobby worker (more often than not, the people are friendly and I don't wait more than 5 min to order even though the line looks daunting)\n-the "our dishes are good and we know it" high prices\nBUT, if we're basing the review of LGO on food & experience: 5 stars.  \n\nMy biggest complaint would be the vegetarian sandwich, but I lived and I learned and I don't order it anymore.  Looking for something veg?  The sweet potatoe sushi roll, vegetarian breakfast burrito, and the mother earth pizza (which can be made vegan and\/or gluten free) are all great choices!  \n\nOther highlights: the commuter sandwich with turkey, the AMAZING pizza, and their splendid iced green tea (or anything else from the coffee bar).  \n\nBut finally, I dare you to taste a Tammie Coe pastry that doesn't blow your mind.  The best is the Ooey Gooey cupcake - don't be led astray by how good the red velvet looks, just get the Ooey Gooey, TRUST ME!  If you're feeling dangerous, the Old Fashioned (which looks like a hostess cupcake) is wonderful, as are the cookies and cakes.  If you're not a confection kind of person and you can resist the pastry shelves, move due south within the restaurant to the Gelato shop where the ice cream is equally as delicious as the rest of the food!
